# D. Not Adding

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1900
**标签**: brute force, dp, math, number theory

## 题目描述

You have an array $n$$a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ consisting of $n$$n$ distinct integers. You are allowed to perform the following operation on it: Choose two elements from the array $n$$a_i$ and $n$$a_j$ ($n$$i \ne j$) such that $n$$\gcd(a_i, a_j)$ is not present in the array, and add $n$$\gcd(a_i, a_j)$ to the end of the array. Here $n$$\gcd(x, y)$ denotes greatest common divisor (GCD) of integers $n$$x$ and $n$$y$. Note that the array changes after each operation, and the subsequent operations are performed on the new array.What is the maximum number of times you can perform the operation on the array?

## 输入格式

The first line consists of a single integer $i = 1, j= 5$$n$ ($i = 1, j= 5$$2 \le n \le 10^6$).The second line consists of $i = 1, j= 5$$n$ integers $i = 1, j= 5$$a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ ($i = 1, j= 5$$1 \leq a_i \leq 10^6$). All $i = 1, j= 5$$a_i$ are distinct.

## 输出格式

Output a single line containing one integer — the maximum number of times the operation can be performed on the given array.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
5
4 20 1 25 30
```

**输出:**
```
3
```

## 说明

In the first example, one of the ways to perform maximum number of operations on the array is: Pick i=1,j=5i=1,j=5$i = 1, j= 5$ and add gcd(a1,a5)=gcd(4,30)=2gcd(a1,a5)=gcd(4,30)=2$\gcd(a_1, a_5) = \gcd(4, 30) = 2$ to the array. Pick i=2,j=4i=2,j=4$i = 2, j= 4$ and add gcd(a2,a4)=gcd(20,25)=5gcd(a2,a4)=gcd(20,25)=5$\gcd(a_2, a_4) = \gcd(20, 25) = 5$ to the array. Pick i=2,j=5i=2,j=5$i = 2, j= 5$ and add gcd(a2,a5)=gcd(20,30)=10gcd(a2,a5)=gcd(20,30)=10$\gcd(a_2, a_5) = \gcd(20, 30) = 10$ to the array. It can be proved that there is no way to perform more than 33$3$ operations on the original array.In the second example one can add 33$3$, then 11$1$, then 55$5$, and 22$2$.
