# A. Make it Beautiful

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 3 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: constructive algorithms, math, sortings

## 题目描述

An array $t$$a$ is called ugly if it contains at least one element which is equal to the sum of all elements before it. If the array is not ugly, it is beautiful.For example: the array $t$$[6, 3, 9, 6]$ is ugly: the element $t$$9$ is equal to $t$$6 + 3$; the array $t$$[5, 5, 7]$ is ugly: the element $t$$5$ (the second one) is equal to $t$$5$; the array $t$$[8, 4, 10, 14]$ is beautiful: $t$$8 \ne 0$, $t$$4 \ne 8$, $t$$10 \ne 8 + 4$, $t$$14 \ne 8 + 4 + 10$, so there is no element which is equal to the sum of all elements before it. You are given an array $t$$a$ such that $t$$1 \le a_1 \le a_2 \le \dots \le a_n \le 100$. You have to reorder the elements of $t$$a$ in such a way that the resulting array is beautiful. Note that you are not allowed to insert new elements or erase existing ones, you can only change the order of elements of $t$$a$. You are allowed to keep the array $t$$a$ unchanged, if it is beautiful.

## 输入格式

The first line contains one integer $a$$t$ ($a$$1 \le t \le 2000$) — the number of test cases.Each test case consists of two lines. The first line contains one integer $a$$n$ ($a$$2 \le n \le 50$). The second line contains $a$$n$ integers $a$$a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ ($a$$1 \le a_1 \le a_2 \le \dots \le a_n \le 100$).

## 输出格式

For each test case, print the answer as follows: if it is impossible to reorder the elements of aa$a$ in such a way that it becomes beautiful, print NO; otherwise, in the first line, print YES. In the second line, print nn$n$ integers — any beautiful array which can be obtained from aa$a$ by reordering its elements. If there are multiple such arrays, print any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
443 3 6 6210 1051 2 3 4 531 4 4
```

**输出:**
```
YES
3 6 3 6
NO
YES
2 4 1 5 3
YES
1 4 4
```
