# C. Scoring Subsequences

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2.5 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1300
**标签**: binary search, greedy, math, two pointers

## 题目描述

The score of a sequence [s1,s2,…,sd]$t$$[s_1, s_2, \ldots, s_d]$ is defined as s1⋅s2⋅…⋅sdd!$t$$\displaystyle \frac{s_1\cdot s_2\cdot \ldots \cdot s_d}{d!}$, where d!=1⋅2⋅…⋅d$t$$d!=1\cdot 2\cdot \ldots \cdot d$. In particular, the score of an empty sequence is 1$t$$1$.For a sequence [s1,s2,…,sd]$t$$[s_1, s_2, \ldots, s_d]$, let m$t$$m$ be the maximum score among all its subsequences. Its cost is defined as the maximum length of a subsequence with a score of m$t$$m$.You are given a non-decreasing sequence [a1,a2,…,an]$t$$[a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n]$ of integers of length n$t$$n$. In other words, the condition a1≤a2≤…≤an$t$$a_1 \leq a_2 \leq \ldots \leq a_n$ is satisfied. For each k=1,2,…,n$t$$k=1, 2, \ldots , n$, find the cost of the sequence [a1,a2,…,ak]$t$$[a_1, a_2, \ldots , a_k]$. A sequence x$t$$x$ is a subsequence of a sequence y$t$$y$ if x$t$$x$ can be obtained from y$t$$y$ by deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) elements.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$n$$t$ (1≤t≤104$n$$1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains an integer n$n$$n$ (1≤n≤105$n$$1\le n\le 10^5$) — the length of the given sequence. The second line of each test case contains n$n$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$n$$a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n$ (1≤ai≤n$n$$1\le a_i\leq n$) — the given sequence. It is guaranteed that its elements are in non-decreasing order.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$n$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 5⋅105$n$$5\cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output n$[1]$$n$ integers — the costs of sequences [a1,a2,…,ak]$[1]$$[a_1, a_2, \ldots , a_k]$ in ascending order of k$[1]$$k$.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
331 2 321 155 5 5 5 5
```

**输出:**
```
1 1 2 
1 1 
1 2 3 4 5
```

## 说明

In the first test case: The maximum score among the subsequences of [1]$[1]$ is 1$1$. The subsequences [1]$[1]$ and []$[]$ (the empty sequence) are the only ones with this score. Thus, the cost of [1]$[1]$ is 1$1$. The maximum score among the subsequences of [1,2]$[1, 2]$ is 2$2$. The only subsequence with this score is [2]$[2]$. Thus, the cost of [1,2]$[1, 2]$ is 1$1$. The maximum score among the subsequences of [1,2,3]$[1, 2, 3]$ is 3$3$. The subsequences [2,3]$[2, 3]$ and [3]$[3]$ are the only ones with this score. Thus, the cost of [1,2,3]$[1, 2, 3]$ is 2$2$. Therefore, the answer to this case is 112$1\:\:1\:\:2$, which are the costs of [1],[1,2]$[1], [1, 2]$ and [1,2,3]$[1, 2, 3]$ in this order.
