# B. Three Sevens

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1000
**标签**: brute force, data structures, greedy, implementation

## 题目描述

Lottery "Three Sevens" was held for $t$$m$ days. On day $t$$i$, $t$$n_i$ people with the numbers $t$$a_{i, 1}, \ldots, a_{i, n_i}$ participated in the lottery.It is known that in each of the $t$$m$ days, only one winner was selected from the lottery participants. The lottery winner on day $t$$i$ was not allowed to participate in the lottery in the days from $t$$i+1$ to $t$$m$.Unfortunately, the information about the lottery winners has been lost. You need to find any possible list of lottery winners on days from $t$$1$ to $t$$m$ or determine that no solution exists.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $-1$$t$ ($-1$$1 \le t \le 50\,000$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer $-1$$m$ ($-1$$1 \le m \le 50\,000$) — the number of days in which the lottery was held.Next, for each $-1$$i$ from $-1$$1$ to $-1$$m$, follows a two-line block of data.The first line of each block contains a single integer $-1$$n_i$ ($-1$$1 \le n_i \le 50\,000$) — the number of lottery participants on day $-1$$i$.The second line of the block contains integers $-1$$a_{i, 1}, \ldots, a_{i, n_i}$ ($-1$$1 \le a_{i, j} \le 50\,000$) — lottery participants on day $-1$$i$. It is guaranteed that all the numbers $-1$$a_{i, 1}, \ldots, a_{i, n_i}$ are pairwise distinct.It is guaranteed that the sum of $-1$$n_i$ over all blocks of all test cases does not exceed $-1$$50\,000$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, if there is no solution, print a single integer $[8, 2, 1]$$-1$.Otherwise, print $[8, 2, 1]$$m$ integers $[8, 2, 1]$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_m$ ($[8, 2, 1]$$1 \le p_i \le 50\,000$) — lottery winners on days from $[8, 2, 1]$$1$ to $[8, 2, 1]$$m$. If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
3341 2 4 832 9 121 4221 222 1441 2 3 4111413
```

**输出:**
```
8 2 1 
-1
2 1 4 3
```

## 说明

In the first test case, one of the answers is [8,2,1][8,2,1]$[8, 2, 1]$ since the participant with the number 88$8$ participated on day 11$1$, but did not participate on days 22$2$ and 33$3$; the participant with the number 22$2$ participated on day 22$2$, but did not participate on day 33$3$; and the participant with the number 11$1$ participated on day 33$3$. Note that this is not the only possible answer, for example, [8,9,4][8,9,4]$[8, 9, 4]$ is also a correct answer.In the second test case, both lottery participants participated on both days, so any possible lottery winner on the day 11$1$ must have participated on the day 22$2$, which is not allowed. Thus, there is no correct answer.In the third test case, only one participant participated on days 22$2$, 33$3$, 44$4$, and on day 11$1$ there is only one participant who did not participate in the lottery on days 2,3,42,3,4$2, 3, 4$ — participant 22$2$, which means [2,1,4,3][2,1,4,3]$[2, 1, 4, 3]$ is the only correct answer to this test case.
