# B. Fedya and Array

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1100
**标签**: constructive algorithms, math

## 题目描述

For his birthday recently Fedya was given an array a$t$$a$ of n$t$$n$ integers arranged in a circle, For each pair of neighboring numbers (a1$t$$a_1$ and a2$t$$a_2$, a2$t$$a_2$ and a3$t$$a_3$, …$t$$\ldots$, an−1$t$$a_{n - 1}$ and an$t$$a_n$, an$t$$a_n$ and a1$t$$a_1$) the absolute difference between them is equal to 1$t$$1$.Let's call a local maximum an element, which is greater than both of its neighboring elements. Also call a local minimum an element, which is less than both of its neighboring elements. Note, that elements a1$t$$a_1$ and an$t$$a_n$ are neighboring elements.Unfortunately, Fedya lost an array, but he remembered in it the sum of local maximums x$t$$x$ and the sum of local minimums y$t$$y$.Given x$t$$x$ and y$t$$y$, help Fedya find any matching array of minimum length.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$n$$t$ (1≤t≤1000$n$$1 \le t \le 1000$). Description of the test cases follows.Each line of each test case contain two integers x$n$$x$ and y$n$$y$ (−109≤y<x≤109$n$$-10^{9} \le y < x \le 10^{9}$) — the sum of local maximums and the sum of local minimums, respectively.

## 输出格式

For each test case, in the first line print one integer n$3, 7$$n$ — the minimum length of matching arrays.In the second line print n$3, 7$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$3, 7$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (−109⩽ai⩽109$3, 7$$-10^{9} \leqslant a_i \leqslant 10^{9}$) — the array elements such that the the absolute difference between each pair of neighboring is equal to 1$3, 7$$1$.If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$3, 7$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$3, 7$$2 \cdot 10^{5}$.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
43 -24 -42 -15 -3
```

**输出:**
```
10
0 1 2 1 0 -1 0 -1 0 1
16
-2 -1 -2 -1 0 1 2 3 4 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 
6
1 0 -1 0 1 0
16
2 3 2 1 0 -1 0 -1 0 -1 0 1 2 1 0 1
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the local maximums are the numbers at 3,7$3, 7$ and 10$10$ positions, and the local minimums are the numbers at 1,6$1, 6$ and 8$8$ positions. x=a3+a7+a10=2+0+1=3$x = a_3 + a_7 + a_{10} = 2 + 0 + 1 = 3$, y=a1+a6+a8=0+(−1)+(−1)=−2$y = a_1 + a_6 + a_8 = 0 + (-1) + (-1) = -2$.In the second test case, the local maximums are the numbers at 2$2$ and 10$10$ positions, and the local minimums are the numbers at 1$1$ and 3$3$ positions. x=a2+a10=−1+5=4$x = a_2 + a_{10} = -1 + 5 = 4$, y=a1+a3=−2+(−2)=−4$y = a_1 + a_3 = -2 + (-2) = -4$.In the third test case, the local maximums are the numbers at 1$1$ and 5$5$ positions, and the local minimums are the numbers at 3$3$ and 6$6$ positions.
