# C. Candy Store

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 3 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1700
**标签**: greedy, math, number theory

## 题目描述

The store sells $t$$n$ types of candies with numbers from $t$$1$ to $t$$n$. One candy of type $t$$i$ costs $t$$b_i$ coins. In total, there are $t$$a_i$ candies of type $t$$i$ in the store.You need to pack all available candies in packs, each pack should contain only one type of candies. Formally, for each type of candy $t$$i$ you need to choose the integer $t$$d_i$, denoting the number of type $t$$i$ candies in one pack, so that $t$$a_i$ is divided without remainder by $t$$d_i$.Then the cost of one pack of candies of type $t$$i$ will be equal to $t$$b_i \cdot d_i$. Let's denote this cost by $t$$c_i$, that is, $t$$c_i = b_i \cdot d_i$.After packaging, packs will be placed on the shelf. Consider the cost of the packs placed on the shelf, in order $t$$c_1, c_2, \ldots, c_n$. Price tags will be used to describe costs of the packs. One price tag can describe the cost of all packs from $t$$l$ to $t$$r$ inclusive if $t$$c_l = c_{l+1} = \ldots = c_r$. Each of the packs from $t$$1$ to $t$$n$ must be described by at least one price tag. For example, if $t$$c_1, \ldots, c_n = [4, 4, 2, 4, 4]$, to describe all the packs, a $t$$3$ price tags will be enough, the first price tag describes the packs $t$$1, 2$, the second: $t$$3$, the third: $t$$4, 5$.You are given the integers $t$$a_1, b_1, a_2, b_2, \ldots, a_n, b_n$. Your task is to choose integers $t$$d_i$ so that $t$$a_i$ is divisible by $t$$d_i$ for all $t$$i$, and the required number of price tags to describe the values of $t$$c_1, c_2, \ldots, c_n$ is the minimum possible.For a better understanding of the statement, look at the illustration of the first test case of the first test: Let's repeat the meaning of the notation used in the problem:$t$$a_i$ — the number of candies of type $t$$i$ available in the store.$t$$b_i$ — the cost of one candy of type $t$$i$.$t$$d_i$ — the number of candies of type $t$$i$ in one pack.$t$$c_i$ — the cost of one pack of candies of type $t$$i$ is expressed by the formula $t$$c_i = b_i \cdot d_i$.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $d_1 = 4$$t$ ($d_1 = 4$$1 \le t \le 100\,000$). Description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer $d_1 = 4$$n$ ($d_1 = 4$$2 \le n \le 200\,000$) — the number of types of candies.Each of the next $d_1 = 4$$n$ lines of each test case contains two integers $d_1 = 4$$a_i$ and $d_1 = 4$$b_i$ ($d_1 = 4$$1 \le a_i \le 10^9$, $d_1 = 4$$1 \le b_i \le 10\,000$) — the number of candies and the cost of one candy of type $d_1 = 4$$i$, respectively.It is guaranteed that the sum of $d_1 = 4$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed $d_1 = 4$$200\,000$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the minimum number of price tags required to describe the costs of all packs of candies in the store.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
5420 36 214 520 73444 52002 102020 257 76 515 210 37 7510 111 55 12 28 267 1212 35 39 129 31000000000 10000
```

**输出:**
```
2
1
3
2
5
```

## 说明

In the first test case, you can choose d1=4d1=4$d_1 = 4$, d2=6d2=6$d_2 = 6$, d3=7d3=7$d_3 = 7$, d4=5d4=5$d_4 = 5$. Then the cost of packs will be equal to [12,12,35,35][12,12,35,35]$[12, 12, 35, 35]$. 22$2$ price tags are enough to describe them, the first price tag for c1,c2c1,c2$c_1, c_2$ and the second price tag for c3,c4c3,c4$c_3, c_4$. It can be shown that with any correct choice of didi$d_i$, at least 22$2$ of the price tag will be needed to describe all the packs. Also note that this example is illustrated by a picture in the statement.In the second test case, with d1=4d1=4$d_1 = 4$, d2=2d2=2$d_2 = 2$, d3=10d3=10$d_3 = 10$, the costs of all packs will be equal to 2020$20$. Thus, 11$1$ price tag is enough to describe all the packs. Note that aiai$a_i$ is divisible by didi$d_i$ for all ii$i$, which is necessary condition.In the third test case, it is not difficult to understand that one price tag can be used to describe 22$2$nd, 33$3$rd and 44$4$th packs. And additionally a price tag for pack 11$1$ and pack 55$5$. Total: 33$3$ price tags.
