# A. The Good Array

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: greedy, implementation, math

## 题目描述

You are given two integers $t$$n$ and $t$$k$.An array $t$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ of length $t$$n$, consisting of zeroes and ones is good if for all integers $t$$i$ from $t$$1$ to $t$$n$ both of the following conditions are satisfied: at least $t$$\lceil \frac{i}{k} \rceil$ of the first $t$$i$ elements of $t$$a$ are equal to $t$$1$, at least $t$$\lceil \frac{i}{k} \rceil$ of the last $t$$i$ elements of $t$$a$ are equal to $t$$1$. Here, $t$$\lceil \frac{i}{k} \rceil$ denotes the result of division of $t$$i$ by $t$$k$, rounded up. For example, $t$$\lceil \frac{6}{3} \rceil = 2$, $t$$\lceil \frac{11}{5} \rceil = \lceil 2.2 \rceil = 3$ and $t$$\lceil \frac{7}{4} \rceil = \lceil 1.75 \rceil = 2$.Find the minimum possible number of ones in a good array.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $n = 3$$t$ ($n = 3$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.The only line of each test case contains two integers $n = 3$$n$, $n = 3$$k$ ($n = 3$$2 \le n \le 100$, $n = 3$$1 \le k \le n$) — the length of array and parameter $n = 3$$k$ from the statement.

## 输出格式

For each test case output one integer — the minimum possible number of ones in a good array.It can be shown that under the given constraints at least one good array always exists.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
73 25 29 37 110 49 58 8
```

**输出:**
```
2
3
4
7
4
3
2
```

## 说明

In the first test case, n=3n=3$n = 3$ and k=2k=2$k = 2$: Array [1,0,1][1,0,1]$[ \, 1, 0, 1 \, ]$ is good and the number of ones in it is 22$2$. Arrays [0,0,0][0,0,0]$[ \, 0, 0, 0 \, ]$, [0,1,0][0,1,0]$[ \, 0, 1, 0 \, ]$ and [0,0,1][0,0,1]$[ \, 0, 0, 1 \, ]$ are not good since for i=1i=1$i=1$ the first condition from the statement is not satisfied. Array [1,0,0][1,0,0]$[ \, 1, 0, 0 \, ]$ is not good since for i=1i=1$i=1$ the second condition from the statement is not satisfied. All other arrays of length 33$3$ contain at least 22$2$ ones. Thus, the answer is 22$2$.In the second test case, n=5n=5$n = 5$ and k=2k=2$k = 2$: Array [1,1,0,0,1][1,1,0,0,1]$[ \, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1 \, ]$ is not good since for i=3i=3$i=3$ the second condition is not satisfied. Array [1,0,1,0,1][1,0,1,0,1]$[ \, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1 \, ]$ is good and the number of ones in it is 33$3$. It can be shown that there is no good array with less than 33$3$ ones, so the answer is 33$3$. In the third test case, n=9n=9$n = 9$ and k=3k=3$k = 3$: Array [1,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1][1,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1]$[ \, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1 \, ]$ is good and the number of ones in it is 44$4$. It can be shown that there is no good array with less than 44$4$ ones, so the answer is 44$4$. In the fourth test case, n=7n=7$n = 7$ and k=1k=1$k = 1$. The only good array is [1,1,1,1,1,1,1][1,1,1,1,1,1,1]$[ \, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1\, ]$, so the answer is 77$7$.
