# E2. Rudolf and Snowflakes (hard version)

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1800
**标签**: binary search, brute force, implementation, math

## 题目描述

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version n≤1018$n \le 10^{18}$.One winter morning, Rudolf was looking thoughtfully out the window, watching the falling snowflakes. He quickly noticed a certain symmetry in the configuration of the snowflakes. And like a true mathematician, Rudolf came up with a mathematical model of a snowflake.He defined a snowflake as an undirected graph constructed according to the following rules: Initially, the graph has only one vertex. Then, more vertices are added to the graph. The initial vertex is connected by edges to k$k$ new vertices (k>1$k > 1$). Each vertex that is connected to only one other vertex is connected by edges to k$k$ more new vertices. This step should be done at least once. The smallest possible snowflake for k=4$k = 4$ is shown in the figure. After some mathematical research, Rudolf realized that such snowflakes may not have any number of vertices. Help Rudolf check whether a snowflake with n$n$ vertices can exist.

## 输入格式

The first line of the input contains an integer t$t$ (1≤t≤104$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.Then follow the descriptions of the test cases.The first line of each test case contains an integer n$n$ (1≤n≤1018$1 \le n \le 10^{18}$) — the number of vertices for which it is necessary to check the existence of a snowflake.

## 输出格式

Output t$t$ lines, each of which is the answer to the corresponding test case — "YES" if there exists such k>1$k > 1$ that a snowflake with the given number of vertices can be constructed; "NO" otherwise.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
912361315255101011000000000000000000
```

**输出:**
```
NO
NO
NO
NO
YES
YES
YES
YES
NO
```
