# A. Lucky Numbers

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *900
**标签**: brute force, implementation

## 题目描述

Olympus City recently launched the production of personal starships. Now everyone on Mars can buy one and fly to other planets inexpensively.Each starship has a number —some positive integer $t$$x$. Let's define the luckiness of a number $t$$x$ as the difference between the largest and smallest digits of that number. For example, $t$$142857$ has $t$$8$ as its largest digit and $t$$1$ as its smallest digit, so its luckiness is $t$$8-1=7$. And the number $t$$111$ has all digits equal to $t$$1$, so its luckiness is zero.Hateehc is a famous Martian blogger who often flies to different corners of the solar system. To release interesting videos even faster, he decided to buy himself a starship. When he came to the store, he saw starships with numbers from $t$$l$ to $t$$r$ inclusively. While in the store, Hateehc wanted to find a starship with the luckiest number.Since there are a lot of starships in the store, and Hateehc can't program, you have to help the blogger and write a program that answers his question.

## 输入格式

The first line contains an integer $t$$t$ ($t$$1 \le t \le 10\,000$) —the number of test cases.Each of the following $t$$t$ lines contains a description of the test case. The description consists of two integers $t$$l$ and $t$$r$ ($t$$1 \le l \le r \le 10^6$) — the largest and smallest numbers of the starships in the store.

## 输出格式

Print $59$$t$ lines, one line for each test case, containing the luckiest starship number in the store.If there are several ways to choose the luckiest number, output any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
559 6342 4915 1553 571 100
```

**输出:**
```
60
49
15
57
90
```

## 说明

Let's look at two test examples: the luckiness of the number 5959$59$ is 9−5=49−5=4$9 - 5 = 4$; the luckiness of 6060$60$ equals 6−0=66−0=6$6 - 0 = 6$; the luckiness of 6161$61$ equals 6−1=56−1=5$6 - 1 = 5$; the luckiness of 6262$62$ equals 6−2=46−2=4$6 - 2 = 4$; the luckiness of 6363$63$ is 6−3=36−3=3$6 - 3 = 3$. Thus, the luckiest number is 6060$60$.In the fifth test example, the luckiest number is 9090$90$.
