# B. The Corridor or There and Back Again

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *900
**标签**: greedy, implementation

## 题目描述

You are in a corridor that extends infinitely to the right, divided into square rooms. You start in room 1$t$$1$, proceed to room k$t$$k$, and then return to room 1$t$$1$. You can choose the value of k$t$$k$. Moving to an adjacent room takes 1$t$$1$ second.Additionally, there are n$t$$n$ traps in the corridor: the i$t$$i$-th trap is located in room di$t$$d_i$ and will be activated si$t$$s_i$ seconds after you enter the room di$t$$\boldsymbol{d_i}$. Once a trap is activated, you cannot enter or exit a room with that trap. A schematic representation of a possible corridor and your path to room k$t$$k$ and back. Determine the maximum value of k$t$$k$ that allows you to travel from room 1$t$$1$ to room k$t$$k$ and then return to room 1$t$$1$ safely.For instance, if n=1$t$$n=1$ and d1=2,s1=2$t$$d_1=2, s_1=2$, you can proceed to room k=2$t$$k=2$ and return safely (the trap will activate at the moment 1+s1=1+2=3$t$$1+s_1=1+2=3$, it can't prevent you to return back). But if you attempt to reach room k=3$t$$k=3$, the trap will activate at the moment 1+s1=1+2=3$t$$1+s_1=1+2=3$, preventing your return (you would attempt to enter room 2$t$$2$ on your way back at second 3$t$$3$, but the activated trap would block you). Any larger value for k$t$$k$ is also not feasible. Thus, the answer is k=2$t$$k=2$.

## 输入格式

The first line of the input contains an integer t$k$$t$ (1≤t≤1000$k$$1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases.The descriptions of the test cases follow.The first line of each test case description contains an integer n$k$$n$ (1≤n≤100$k$$1 \le n \le 100$) — the number of traps.The following n$k$$n$ lines of each test case description present two integers di$k$$d_i$ and si$k$$s_i$ (1≤di,si≤200$k$$1 \le d_i, s_i \le 200$) — the parameters of a trap (you must leave room di$k$$d_i$ strictly before si$k$$s_i$ seconds have passed since entering this room). It's possible for multiple traps to occupy a single room (the values of di$k$$d_i$ can be repeated).

## 输出格式

For each test case, print the maximum value of k$k\ge6$$k$ that allows you to travel to room k$k\ge6$$k$ and return to room 1$k\ge6$$1$ without encountering an active trap.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
712 232 84 35 21200 20041 205 93 179100 1210 11 1821 11 231 31 11 3
```

**输出:**
```
2
5
299
9
9
1
1
```

## 说明

The first test case is explained in the problem statement above.In the second test case, the second trap prevents you from achieving k≥6$k\ge6$. If k≥6$k\ge6$, the second trap will activate at the moment 3+s2=3+3=6$3+s_2=3+3=6$ (the time you enter room 4$4$ plus s2$s_2$). In the case of k≥6$k\ge6$, you will return to room 4$4$ at time 7$7$ or later. The trap will be active at that time. It can be shown that room k=5$k=5$ can be reached without encountering an active trap.In the third test case, you can make it to room 299$299$ and then immediately return to room 1$1$.
