# B. Keep it Beautiful

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1000
**标签**: implementation

## 题目描述

The array $t$$[a_1, a_2, \dots, a_k]$ is called beautiful if it is possible to remove several (maybe zero) elements from the beginning of the array and insert all these elements to the back of the array in the same order in such a way that the resulting array is sorted in non-descending order.In other words, the array $t$$[a_1, a_2, \dots, a_k]$ is beautiful if there exists an integer $t$$i \in [0, k-1]$ such that the array $t$$[a_{i+1}, a_{i+2}, \dots, a_{k-1}, a_k, a_1, a_2, \dots, a_i]$ is sorted in non-descending order.For example: $t$$[3, 7, 7, 9, 2, 3]$ is beautiful: we can remove four first elements and insert them to the back in the same order, and we get the array $t$$[2, 3, 3, 7, 7, 9]$, which is sorted in non-descending order; $t$$[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]$ is beautiful: we can remove zero first elements and insert them to the back, and we get the array $t$$[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]$, which is sorted in non-descending order; $t$$[5, 2, 2, 1]$ is not beautiful. Note that any array consisting of zero elements or one element is beautiful.You are given an array $t$$a$, which is initially empty. You have to process $t$$q$ queries to it. During the $t$$i$-th query, you will be given one integer $t$$x_i$, and you have to do the following: if you can append the integer $t$$x_i$ to the back of the array $t$$a$ so that the array $t$$a$ stays beautiful, you have to append it; otherwise, do nothing. After each query, report whether you appended the given integer $t$$x_i$, or not.

## 输入格式

The first line contains one integer $q$$t$ ($q$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.Each test case consists of two lines. The first line contains one integer $q$$q$ ($q$$1 \le q \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of queries. The second line contains $q$$q$ integers $q$$x_1, x_2, \dots, x_q$ ($q$$0 \le x_i \le 10^9$).Additional constraint on the input: the sum of $q$$q$ over all test cases does not exceed $q$$2 \cdot 10^5$).

## 输出格式

For each test case, print one string consisting of exactly $[]$$q$ characters. The $[]$$i$-th character of the string should be 1 if you appended the integer during the $[]$$i$-th query; otherwise, it should be 0.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
393 7 7 9 2 4 6 3 451 1 1 1 153 2 1 2 3
```

**输出:**
```
111110010
11111
11011
```

## 说明

Consider the first test case of the example. Initially, the array is [][]$[]$. trying to append an integer 33$3$. The array [3][3]$[3]$ is beautiful, so we append 33$3$; trying to append an integer 77$7$. The array [3,7][3,7]$[3, 7]$ is beautiful, so we append 77$7$; trying to append an integer 77$7$. The array [3,7,7][3,7,7]$[3, 7, 7]$ is beautiful, so we append 77$7$; trying to append an integer 99$9$. The array [3,7,7,9][3,7,7,9]$[3, 7, 7, 9]$ is beautiful, so we append 99$9$; trying to append an integer 22$2$. The array [3,7,7,9,2][3,7,7,9,2]$[3, 7, 7, 9, 2]$ is beautiful, so we append 22$2$; trying to append an integer 44$4$. The array [3,7,7,9,2,4][3,7,7,9,2,4]$[3, 7, 7, 9, 2, 4]$ is not beautiful, so we don't append 44$4$; trying to append an integer 66$6$. The array [3,7,7,9,2,6][3,7,7,9,2,6]$[3, 7, 7, 9, 2, 6]$ is not beautiful, so we don't append 66$6$; trying to append an integer 33$3$. The array [3,7,7,9,2,3][3,7,7,9,2,3]$[3, 7, 7, 9, 2, 3]$ is beautiful, so we append 33$3$; trying to append an integer 44$4$. The array [3,7,7,9,2,3,4][3,7,7,9,2,3,4]$[3, 7, 7, 9, 2, 3, 4]$ is not beautiful, so we don't append 44$4$.
