# B. Lamps

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1100
**标签**: greedy, sortings

## 题目描述

You have $t$$n$ lamps, numbered by integers from $t$$1$ to $t$$n$. Each lamp $t$$i$ has two integer parameters $t$$a_i$ and $t$$b_i$.At each moment each lamp is in one of three states: it may be turned on, turned off, or broken.Initially all lamps are turned off. In one operation you can select one lamp that is turned off and turn it on (you can't turn on broken lamps). You receive $t$$b_i$ points for turning lamp $t$$i$ on. The following happens after each performed operation: Let's denote the number of lamps that are turned on as $t$$x$ (broken lamps do not count). All lamps $t$$i$ such that $t$$a_i \le x$ simultaneously break, whether they were turned on or off. Please note that broken lamps never count as turned on and that after a turned on lamp breaks, you still keep points received for turning it on.You can perform an arbitrary number of operations.Find the maximum number of points you can get.

## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $n = 4$$t$ ($n = 4$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.The first line contains a single integer $n = 4$$n$ ($n = 4$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of lamps.Each of the next $n = 4$$n$ lines contains two integers $n = 4$$a_i$ and $n = 4$$b_i$ ($n = 4$$1 \le a_i \le n, 1 \le b_i \le 10^9$) — parameters of the $n = 4$$i$-th lamp.It is guaranteed that sum of $n = 4$$n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $n = 4$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output one integer — the maximum number of points you can get.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
442 21 61 101 1353 43 12 53 23 361 23 41 43 43 52 311 1
```

**输出:**
```
15
14
20
1
```

## 说明

In first test case n=4n=4$n = 4$. One of ways to get the maximum number of points is as follows: You turn lamp 44$4$ on and receive b4=13b4=13$b_4 = 13$ points. The number of lamps that are turned on is 11$1$, so all lamps with ai≤1ai≤1$a_i \le 1$ (namely lamps 22$2$, 33$3$ and 44$4$) break. Lamp 44$4$ is no longer turned on, so the number of lamps that are turned becomes 00$0$. The only lamp you can turn on is lamp 11$1$, as all other lamps are broken. You receive b1=2b1=2$b_1 = 2$ points for turning it on. The number of lamps that are turned on is 11$1$. As a1=2a1=2$a_1 = 2$, lamp 11$1$ doesn't break. Your receive 13+2=1513+2=15$13 + 2 = 15$ points in total. It can be shown that this is the maximum number of points you can get, so the answer for the first test case is 1515$15$.In the second test case, one of the ways to get the maximum number of points is as follows: On the first operation you turn on lamp 44$4$ and receive 22$2$ points. No lamps break after the first operation. On the second operation you turn on lamp 33$3$ and receive 55$5$ points. After the second operation, there are 22$2$ lamps turned on. As a3≤2a3≤2$a_3 \le 2$, lamp 33$3$ breaks. On the third operation, you turn on lamp 11$1$ and receive 44$4$ points. On the fourth operation, you turn on lamp 55$5$ and receive 33$3$ points. After that there are 33$3$ lamps turned on: lamps 11$1$, 44$4$ and 55$5$. Lamps 11$1$, 22$2$, 44$4$ and 55$5$ simultaneously break, because for all of them ai≤3ai≤3$a_i \le 3$. You receive 2+5+4+3=142+5+4+3=14$2 + 5 + 4 + 3 = 14$ points in total. It can be shown that this is the maximum number of points you can get.In the third test case, one of the ways to get the maximum number of points is as follows: Turn the lamp 33$3$ on and receive 44$4$ points. Lamps 11$1$ and 33$3$ break. Turn the lamp 22$2$ on and receive 44$4$ points. Turn the lamp 66$6$ on and receive 33$3$ points. Lamp 66$6$ breaks. Turn the lamp 44$4$ on and receive 44$4$ points. Turn the lamp 55$5$ on and receive 55$5$ points. Lamps 22$2$, 44$4$ and 55$5$ break. You receive 4+4+3+4+5=204+4+3+4+5=20$4 + 4 + 3 + 4 + 5 = 20$ points in total. It can be shown that this is the maximum number of points you can get.
