# A. Buttons

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: games, greedy, math

## 题目描述

Anna and Katie ended up in a secret laboratory.There are $t$$a+b+c$ buttons in the laboratory. It turned out that $t$$a$ buttons can only be pressed by Anna, $t$$b$ buttons can only be pressed by Katie, and $t$$c$ buttons can be pressed by either of them. Anna and Katie decided to play a game, taking turns pressing these buttons. Anna makes the first turn. Each button can be pressed at most once, so at some point, one of the girls will not be able to make her turn.The girl who cannot press a button loses. Determine who will win if both girls play optimally.

## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $1$$t$ ($1$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.Each test case consists of three integers $1$$a$, $1$$b$, and $1$$c$ ($1$$1 \le a, b, c \le 10^9$) — the number of buttons that can only be pressed by Anna, the number of buttons that can only be pressed by Katie, and the number of buttons that can be pressed by either of them, respectively.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output First if Anna wins, or Second if Katie wins.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
51 1 19 3 31 2 36 6 92 2 8
```

**输出:**
```
First
First
Second
First
Second
```

## 说明

For the simplicity of the explanation, we will numerate the buttons by the numbers from 11$1$ to a+b+ca+b+c$a+b+c$: the first aa$a$ buttons can only be pressed by Anna, the next bb$b$ buttons can only be pressed by Katie, and the last cc$c$ buttons can be pressed by either of them.In the first test case, Anna can press the 33$3$-rd button on the first turn. Then Katie will press the 22$2$-nd button (since it is the only possible turn for her). Then Anna will press the 11$1$-st button. Katie won't have a button to press, so Anna will win.In the second test case, Anna can press the first nine buttons in some order on her turns. No matter what buttons Katie will press, all the buttons from the 1010$10$-th to the 1515$15$-th will be pressed after 1212$12$ turns. On the 1313$13$-th turn, Anna will press one of the first nine buttons and Katie will not have a button to press on her turn. Thus, Anna will win.In the third test case, the game can proceed as follows: On the 11$1$-st turn Anna presses the 55$5$-th button. On the 22$2$-st turn Katie presses the 44$4$-th button. On the 33$3$-st turn Anna presses the 66$6$-th button. On the 44$4$-st turn Katie presses the 33$3$-th button. On the 55$5$-st turn Anna presses the 11$1$-th button. On the 66$6$-st turn Katie presses the 22$2$-th button. Anna cannot make the turn, so Katie wins. It can be shown that Katie can win no matter what moves Anna takes.
