# A. Game with Board

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: constructive algorithms, games

## 题目描述

Alice and Bob play a game. They have a blackboard; initially, there are n$t$$n$ integers written on it, and each integer is equal to 1$t$$1$.Alice and Bob take turns; Alice goes first. On their turn, the player has to choose several (at least two) equal integers on the board, wipe them and write a new integer which is equal to their sum.For example, if the board currently contains integers {1,1,2,2,2,3}$t$$\{1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 3\}$, then the following moves are possible: choose two integers equal to 1$t$$1$, wipe them and write an integer 2$t$$2$, then the board becomes {2,2,2,2,3}$t$$\{2, 2, 2, 2, 3\}$; choose two integers equal to 2$t$$2$, wipe them and write an integer 4$t$$4$, then the board becomes {1,1,2,3,4}$t$$\{1, 1, 2, 3, 4\}$; choose three integers equal to 2$t$$2$, wipe them and write an integer 6$t$$6$, then the board becomes {1,1,3,6}$t$$\{1, 1, 3, 6\}$. If a player cannot make a move (all integers on the board are different), that player wins the game.Determine who wins if both players play optimally.

## 输入格式

The first line contains one integer t$n = 3$$t$ (1≤t≤99$n = 3$$1 \le t \le 99$) — the number of test cases.Each test case consists of one line containing one integer n$n = 3$$n$ (2≤n≤100$n = 3$$2 \le n \le 100$) — the number of integers equal to 1$n = 3$$1$ on the board.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print Alice if Alice wins when both players play optimally. Otherwise, print Bob.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
236
```

**输出:**
```
Bob
Alice
```

## 说明

In the first test case, n=3n=3$n = 3$, so the board initially contains integers {1,1,1}{1,1,1}$\{1, 1, 1\}$. We can show that Bob can always win as follows: there are two possible first moves for Alice. if Alice chooses two integers equal to 11$1$, wipes them and writes 22$2$, the board becomes {1,2}{1,2}$\{1, 2\}$. Bob cannot make a move, so he wins; if Alice chooses three integers equal to 11$1$, wipes them and writes 33$3$, the board becomes {3}{3}$\{3\}$. Bob cannot make a move, so he wins. In the second test case, n=6n=6$n = 6$, so the board initially contains integers {1,1,1,1,1,1}{1,1,1,1,1,1}$\{1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1\}$. Alice can win by, for example, choosing two integers equal to 11$1$, wiping them and writing 22$2$ on the first turn. Then the board becomes {1,1,1,1,2}{1,1,1,1,2}$\{1, 1, 1, 1, 2\}$, and there are three possible responses for Bob: if Bob chooses four integers equal to 11$1$, wipes them and writes 44$4$, the board becomes {2,4}{2,4}$\{2,4\}$. Alice cannot make a move, so she wins; if Bob chooses three integers equal to 11$1$, wipes them and writes 33$3$, the board becomes {1,2,3}{1,2,3}$\{1,2,3\}$. Alice cannot make a move, so she wins; if Bob chooses two integers equal to 11$1$, wipes them and writes 22$2$, the board becomes {1,1,2,2}{1,1,2,2}$\{1, 1, 2, 2\}$. Alice can continue by, for example, choosing two integers equal to 22$2$, wiping them and writing 44$4$. Then the board becomes {1,1,4}{1,1,4}$\{1,1,4\}$. The only possible response for Bob is to choose two integers equal to 11$1$ and write 22$2$ instead of them; then the board becomes {2,4}{2,4}$\{2,4\}$, Alice cannot make a move, so she wins.
