# D. Binary String Sorting

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1800
**标签**: constructive algorithms, greedy

## 题目描述

You are given a binary string $t$$s$ consisting of only characters 0 and/or 1.You can perform several operations on this string (possibly zero). There are two types of operations: choose two consecutive elements and swap them. In order to perform this operation, you pay $t$$10^{12}$ coins; choose any element from the string and remove it. In order to perform this operation, you pay $t$$10^{12}+1$ coins. Your task is to calculate the minimum number of coins required to sort the string $t$$s$ in non-decreasing order (i. e. transform $t$$s$ so that $t$$s_1 \le s_2 \le \dots \le s_m$, where $t$$m$ is the length of the string after applying all operations). An empty string is also considered sorted in non-decreasing order.

## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $s$$t$ ($s$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.The only line of each test case contains the string $s$$s$ ($s$$1 \le |s| \le 3 \cdot 10^5$), consisting of only characters 0 and/or 1.The sum of lengths of all given strings doesn't exceed $s$$3 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print a single integer — the minimum number of coins required to sort the string $1$$s$ in non-decreasing order.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
61000010100101101100110111111
```

**输出:**
```
1000000000001
0
1000000000000
2000000000001
2000000000002
0
```

## 说明

In the first example, you have to remove the 11$1$-st element, so the string becomes equal to 00.In the second example, the string is already sorted.In the third example, you have to swap the 22$2$-nd and the 33$3$-rd elements, so the string becomes equal to 0011.In the fourth example, you have to swap the 33$3$-rd and the 44$4$-th elements, so the string becomes equal to 00011101, and then remove the 77$7$-th element, so the string becomes equal to 0001111.In the fifth example, you have to remove the 11$1$-st element, so the string becomes equal to 001101, and then remove the 55$5$-th element, so the string becomes equal to 00111.In the sixth example, the string is already sorted.
