# B. Sequence Game

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: constructive algorithms

## 题目描述

Tema and Vika are playing the following game.First, Vika comes up with a sequence of positive integers $t$$a$ of length $t$$m$ and writes it down on a piece of paper. Then she takes a new piece of paper and writes down the sequence $t$$b$ according to the following rule: First, she writes down $t$$a_1$. Then, she writes down only those $t$$a_i$ ($t$$2 \le i \le m$) such that $t$$a_{i - 1} \le a_i$. Let the length of this sequence be denoted as $t$$n$. For example, from the sequence $t$$a=[4, 3, 2, 6, 3, 3]$, Vika will obtain the sequence $t$$b=[4, 6, 3]$.She then gives the piece of paper with the sequence $t$$b$ to Tema. He, in turn, tries to guess the sequence $t$$a$.Tema considers winning in such a game highly unlikely, but still wants to find at least one sequence $t$$a$ that could have been originally chosen by Vika. Help him and output any such sequence.Note that the length of the sequence you output should not exceed the input sequence length by more than two times.

## 输入格式

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line of input data contains a single integer $m$$t$ ($m$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. This is followed by a description of the test cases.The first line of each test case contains a single integer $m$$n$ ($m$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the sequence $m$$b$.The second line of each test case contains $m$$n$ integers $m$$b_1, b_2, b_3, \dots, b_n$ ($m$$1 \le b_i \le 10^9$) — the elements of the sequence.The sum of the values of $m$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed $m$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output two lines. In the first line, output a single integer mm$m$ — the length of the sequence (n≤m≤2⋅nn≤m≤2⋅n$n \le m \le 2 \cdot n$). In the second line, output mm$m$ integers a1,a2,a3,…,ama1,a2,a3,…,am$a_1, a_2, a_3, \dots, a_m$ (1≤ai≤1091≤ai≤109$1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the assumed sequence that Vika could have written on the first piece of paper.If there are multiple suitable sequences, you can output any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
634 6 331 2 351 7 9 5 7114421 151 2 2 1 1
```

**输出:**
```
6
4 3 2 6 3 3
3
1 2 3
6
1 7 9 3 5 7
1
144
2
1 1
6
1 2 2 1 1 1
```

## 说明

The first sample is explained in the problem statement.In the second sample, Vika could have chosen the original sequence.
