# C. Absolute Zero

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1300
**标签**: constructive algorithms, greedy, math

## 题目描述

You are given an array a$a$ of n$n$ integers.In one operation, you will perform the following two-step move: Choose an integer x$x$ (0≤x≤109$0 \le x \le 10^{9}$). Replace each ai$a_i$ with |ai−x|$|a_i - x|$, where |v|$|v|$ denotes the absolute value of v$v$. For example, by choosing x=8$x = 8$, the array [5,7,10]$[5, 7, 10]$ will be changed into [|5−8|,|7−8|,|10−8|]=[3,1,2]$[|5-8|, |7-8|, |10-8|] = [3,1,2]$.Construct a sequence of operations to make all elements of a$a$ equal to 0$0$ in at most 40$40$ operations or determine that it is impossible. You do not need to minimize the number of operations.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer t$t$ (1≤t≤104$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the array a$a$.The second line of each test case contains n$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (0≤ai≤109$0 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the elements of the array a$a$.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer −1$-1$ if it is impossible to make all array elements equal to 0$0$ in at most 40$40$ operations.Otherwise, output two lines. The first line of output should contain a single integer k$k$ (0≤k≤40$0 \le k \le 40$) — the number of operations. The second line of output should contain k$k$ integers x1,x2,…,xk$x_1, x_2, \ldots, x_k$ (0≤xi≤109$0 \le x_i \le 10^{9}$) — the sequence of operations, denoting that on the i$i$-th operation, you chose x=xi$x=x_i$.If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.You do not need to minimize the number of operations.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
51520 034 6 8480 40 20 1051 2 3 4 5
```

**输出:**
```
1
5
0

3
6 1 1
7
60 40 20 10 30 25 5
-1
```

## 说明

In the first test case, we can perform only one operation by choosing x=5$x = 5$, changing the array from [5]$[5]$ to [0]$[0]$.In the second test case, no operations are needed because all elements of the array are already 0$0$.In the third test case, we can choose x=6$x = 6$ to change the array from [4,6,8]$[4, 6, 8]$ to [2,0,2]$[2, 0, 2]$, then choose x=1$x = 1$ to change it to [1,1,1]$[1, 1, 1]$, and finally choose x=1$x = 1$ again to change the array into [0,0,0]$[0, 0, 0]$.In the fourth test case, we can make all elements 0$0$ by following the operation sequence (60,40,20,10,30,25,5)$(60, 40, 20, 10, 30, 25, 5)$.In the fifth test case, it can be shown that it is impossible to make all elements 0$0$ in at most 40$40$ operations. Therefore, the output is −1$-1$.
