# B. New Bakery

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: binary search, greedy, math, ternary search

## 题目描述

Bob decided to open a bakery. On the opening day, he baked $t$$n$ buns that he can sell. The usual price of a bun is $t$$a$ coins, but to attract customers, Bob organized the following promotion: Bob chooses some integer $t$$k$ ($t$$0 \le k \le \min(n, b)$). Bob sells the first $t$$k$ buns at a modified price. In this case, the price of the $t$$i$-th ($t$$1 \le i \le k$) sold bun is $t$$(b - i + 1)$ coins. The remaining $t$$(n - k)$ buns are sold at $t$$a$ coins each.Note that $t$$k$ can be equal to $t$$0$. In this case, Bob will sell all the buns at $t$$a$ coins each.Help Bob determine the maximum profit he can obtain by selling all $t$$n$ buns.

## 输入格式

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $k = 1$$t$ ($k = 1$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The only line of each test case contains three integers $k = 1$$n$, $k = 1$$a$, and $k = 1$$b$ ($k = 1$$1 \le n, a, b \le 10^9$) — the number of buns, the usual price of a bun, and the price of the first bun to be sold at a modified price.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer — the maximum profit that Bob can obtain.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
74 4 55 5 910 10 55 5 111000000000 1000000000 10000000001000000000 1000000000 11000 1 1000
```

**输出:**
```
17
35
100
45
1000000000000000000
1000000000000000000
500500
```

## 说明

In the first test case, it is optimal for Bob to choose k=1k=1$k = 1$. Then he will sell one bun for 55$5$ coins, and three buns at the usual price for 44$4$ coins each. Then the profit will be 5+4+4+4=175+4+4+4=17$5 + 4 + 4 + 4 = 17$ coins.In the second test case, it is optimal for Bob to choose k=5k=5$k = 5$. Then he will sell all the buns at the modified price and obtain a profit of 9+8+7+6+5=359+8+7+6+5=35$9 + 8 + 7 + 6 + 5 = 35$ coins.In the third test case, it is optimal for Bob to choose k=0k=0$k = 0$. Then he will sell all the buns at the usual price and obtain a profit of 10⋅10=10010⋅10=100$10 \cdot 10 = 100$ coins.
