# D. Berserk Monsters

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1900
**标签**: brute force, data structures, dsu, implementation, math

## 题目描述

Monocarp is playing a computer game (yet again). Guess what is he doing? That's right, killing monsters.There are $t$$n$ monsters in a row, numbered from $t$$1$ to $t$$n$. The $t$$i$-th monster has two parameters: attack value equal to $t$$a_i$ and defense value equal to $t$$d_i$. In order to kill these monsters, Monocarp put a berserk spell on them, so they're attacking each other instead of Monocarp's character.The fight consists of $t$$n$ rounds. Every round, the following happens: first, every alive monster $t$$i$ deals $t$$a_i$ damage to the closest alive monster to the left (if it exists) and the closest alive monster to the right (if it exists); then, every alive monster $t$$j$ which received more than $t$$d_j$ damage during this round dies. I. e. the $t$$j$-th monster dies if and only if its defense value $t$$d_j$ is strictly less than the total damage it received this round. For each round, calculate the number of monsters that will die during that round.

## 输入格式

The first line contains one integer $n$$t$ ($n$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.Each test case consists of three lines: the first line contains one integer $n$$n$ ($n$$1 \le n \le 3 \cdot 10^5$); the second line contains $n$$n$ integers $n$$a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ ($n$$1 \le a_i \le 10^9$); the third line contains $n$$n$ integers $n$$d_1, d_2, \dots, d_n$ ($n$$1 \le d_i \le 10^9$). Additional constraint on the input: the sum of $n$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed $n$$3 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print $1$$n$ integers. The $1$$i$-th integer should be equal to the number of monsters that die during the $1$$i$-th round.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
353 4 7 5 104 9 1 18 122 11 341 1 2 43 3 4 2
```

**输出:**
```
3 1 0 0 0 
0 0 
1 1 1 0
```

## 说明

Explanation for the first test case of the example:During the first round, the following happens: the monster 11$1$ deals 33$3$ damage to the monster 22$2$; the monster 22$2$ deals 44$4$ damage to the monster 11$1$ and the monster 33$3$; the monster 33$3$ deals 77$7$ damage to the monster 22$2$ and the monster 44$4$; the monster 44$4$ deals 55$5$ damage to the monster 33$3$ and the monster 55$5$; the monster 55$5$ deals 1010$10$ damage to the monster 44$4$; the monster 11$1$ does not die, since it received 44$4$ damage and its defense is 44$4$; the monster 22$2$ dies, since it received 1010$10$ damage and its defense is 99$9$; the monster 33$3$ dies, since it received 99$9$ damage and its defense is 11$1$; the monster 44$4$ does not die, since it received 1717$17$ damage and its defense is 1818$18$; the monster 55$5$ dies, since it received 55$5$ damage and its defense is 11$1$. After the first round, the monsters 11$1$ and 44$4$ stay alive.During the second round, the following happens: the monster 11$1$ deals 33$3$ damage to the monster 44$4$; the monster 44$4$ deals 55$5$ damage to the monster 11$1$; the monster 11$1$ dies, since it received 55$5$ damage and its defense is 44$4$; the monster 44$4$ does not die, since it received 33$3$ damage and its defense is 1818$18$. During the next three rounds, only the 44$4$-th monster is alive, so nothing happens.
