# D. Split Plus K

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1900
**标签**: greedy, math, number theory

## 题目描述

eliteLAQ - Desert Ruins⠀There are $t$$n$ positive integers $t$$a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ on a blackboard. You are also given a positive integer $t$$k$. You can perform the following operation some (possibly $t$$0$) times: choose a number $t$$x$ on the blackboard; erase one occurrence of $t$$x$; write two positive integers $t$$y$, $t$$z$ such that $t$$y+z = x+k$ on the blackboard. Is it possible to make all the numbers on the blackboard equal? If yes, what is the minimum number of operations you need?

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $-1$$t$ ($-1$$1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two integers $-1$$n$, $-1$$k$ ($-1$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $-1$$1 \leq k \leq 10^{12}$) — the number of integers initially on the blackboard and the constant $-1$$k$.The second line of each test case contains $-1$$n$ integers $-1$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($-1$$1 \le a_i \le 10^{12}$) — the initial state of the blackboard.It is guaranteed that the sum of $-1$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed $-1$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single line containing an integer: the minimum number of operations you need to make all the numbers on the blackboard equal, or $k = 1$$-1$ if it is impossible.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
92 13 42 37 113 10100 40 1002 11 22 21 21 3278695413278695415 26250314066439986238782 581370817372 409476934981 287439719777 7376379831825 616753575719321037808624 222034505841 214063039282 441536506916 4640979418195 431813672576393004301966 405902283416 900951084746 672201172466 518769038906
```

**输出:**
```
3
1
4
-1
-1
0
3119
28999960732
-1
```

## 说明

In the first test case, k=1$k = 1$. You can make all the numbers on the blackboard equal to 2$2$ with the following operations: Erase x=4$x = 4$ and write (y,z)=(2,3)$(y, z) = (2, 3)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains the multiset {3,2,3}$\{3, 2, 3\}$. Erase x=3$x = 3$ and write (y,z)=(2,2)$(y, z) = (2, 2)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains {2,2,2,3}$\{2, 2, 2, 3\}$. Erase x=3$x = 3$ and write (y,z)=(2,2)$(y, z) = (2, 2)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains {2,2,2,2,2}$\{2, 2, 2, 2, 2\}$. This makes all the numbers equal in 3$3$ operations. It can be shown that you cannot make all the numbers equal in less than 3$3$ operations.In the second test case, k=3$k = 3$. You can make all the numbers on the blackboard equal to 7$7$ with the following operation: Erase x=11$x = 11$ and write (y,z)=(7,7)$(y, z) = (7, 7)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains {7,7,7}$\{7, 7, 7\}$. In the third test case, k=10$k = 10$. You can make all the numbers on the blackboard equal to 40$40$ with the following operations: Erase x=100$x = 100$ and write (y,z)=(70,40)$(y, z) = (70, 40)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains {70,40,40,100}$\{70, 40, 40, 100\}$. Erase x=70$x = 70$ and write (y,z)=(40,40)$(y, z) = (40, 40)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains {40,40,40,40,100}$\{40, 40, 40, 40, 100\}$. Erase x=100$x = 100$ and write (y,z)=(40,70)$(y, z) = (40, 70)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains {40,40,40,40,40,70}$\{40, 40, 40, 40, 40, 70\}$. Erase x=70$x = 70$ and write (y,z)=(40,40)$(y, z) = (40, 40)$. Note that y+z=x+k$y+z=x+k$. The blackboard now contains {40,40,40,40,40,40,40}$\{40, 40, 40, 40, 40, 40, 40\}$. In the fourth and in the fifth test case, you can show that it is impossible to make all the numbers on the blackboard equal.
