# D. Buying Jewels

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *2000
**标签**: constructive algorithms, greedy, math

## 题目描述

Nightwish feat. Jonsu - Erämaan ViimeinenඞAlice has n$t$$n$ coins and wants to shop at Bob's jewelry store. Today, although Bob has not set up the store yet, Bob wants to make sure Alice will buy exactly k$t$$k$ jewels. To set up the store, Bob can erect at most 60$t$$60$ stalls (each containing an unlimited amount of jewels) and set the price per jewel for each stall to be an integer number of coins between 1$t$$1$ and 1018$t$$10^{18}$.Fortunately, Bob knows that Alice buys greedily: and she will go to stall 1$t$$1$, buy as many jewels as possible, then go to stall 2$t$$2$, buy as many jewels as possible, and so on until the last stall. Knowing this, Bob can choose the number of stalls to set up, as well as set the price for each stall so that Alice buys exactly k$t$$k$ jewels. Help Bob fulfill the task, or determine if it is impossible to do so.Note that Alice does not need to spend all her coins.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t$60$$t$ (1≤t≤1000$60$$1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.Each test case contains two positive integers n$60$$n$ and k$60$$k$ (1≤n,k≤1018$60$$1 \le n, k \le 10^{18}$) — the number of coins Alice has and the number of jewels Bob wants Alice to have bought at the end.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print on one line "YES" if Bob can erect at most 60$3$$60$ stalls and set the prices for the stalls such that Alice buys exactly k$3$$k$ jewels, or "NO" if it is impossible to do so.If the answer is "YES", on the second line, print an integer s$3$$s$ (1≤s≤60$3$$1 \le s \le 60$) — the number of stalls to be set up by Bob. On the third line, print s$3$$s$ positive integers p1,p2,…,ps$3$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_s$ (1≤pi≤1018)$3$$1 \le p_i \le 10^{18})$ that represent such a satisfactory pricing p$3$$p$, where pi$3$$p_i$ is the price per jewel for stall i$3$$i$. If there are multiple such p$3$$p$'s, print any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
37 36 4255 8
```

**输出:**
```
YES
10
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
NO
YES
8
128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1
```

## 说明

In the first test case, at the first stall, Alice buys 33$3$ jewels and is left with 11$1$ coin. This is not enough to buy any jewels for any of the remaining stalls, so Alice buys exactly 33$3$ jewels at the end.In the third test case, At the first stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 127127$127$ coins. At the second stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 6363$63$ coins. At the third stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 3131$31$ coins. At the fourth stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 1515$15$ coins. At the fifth stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 77$7$ coins. At the sixth stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 33$3$ coins. At the seventh stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 11$1$ coin. At the eighth stall, Alice buys 11$1$ jewel and is left with 00$0$ coins. Therefore, Alice buys exactly 88$8$ jewels in total.
