# B. Informatics in MAC

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1200
**标签**: constructive algorithms

## 题目描述

In the Master's Assistance Center, Nyam-Nyam was given a homework assignment in informatics.There is an array $t$$a$ of length $t$$n$, and you want to divide it into $t$$k > 1$ subsegments$t$$^{\dagger}$ in such a way that the $t$$\operatorname{MEX} ^{\ddagger}$ on each subsegment is equal to the same integer.Help Nyam-Nyam find any suitable division, or determine that it does not exist.$t$$^{\dagger}$A division of an array into $t$$k$ subsegments is defined as $t$$k$ pairs of integers $t$$(l_1, r_1), (l_2, r_2), \ldots, (l_k, r_k)$ such that $t$$l_i \le r_i$ and for each $t$$1 \le j \le k - 1$, $t$$l_{j + 1} = r_j + 1$, and also $t$$l_1 = 1$ and $t$$r_k = n$. These pairs represent the subsegments themselves.$t$$^{\ddagger}\operatorname{MEX}$ of an array is the smallest non-negative integer that does not belong to the array.For example: $t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the array $t$$[2, 2, 1]$ is $t$$0$, because $t$$0$ does not belong to the array. $t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the array $t$$[3, 1, 0, 1]$ is $t$$2$, because $t$$0$ and $t$$1$ belong to the array, but $t$$2$ does not. $t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the array $t$$[0, 3, 1, 2]$ is $t$$4$, because $t$$0$, $t$$1$, $t$$2$, and $t$$3$ belong to the array, but $t$$4$ does not.

## 输入格式

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $-1$$t$ ($-1$$1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer $-1$$n$ ($-1$$2 \le n \le 10^5$) — the length of the array $-1$$a$.The second line of each test case contains $-1$$n$ integers $-1$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($-1$$0 \le a_i < n$) — the elements of the array $-1$$a$.It is guaranteed that the sum of $-1$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed $-1$$10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer $a$$-1$ if a suitable division does not exist.Otherwise, on the first line, output an integer $a$$k$ ($a$$2 \le k \le n$) — the number of subsegments in the division.Then output $a$$k$ lines — the division into subsegments. The $a$$i$-th line should contain two integers $a$$l_i$ and $a$$r_i$ ($a$$1 \le l_i \le r_i \le n$) — the boundaries of the $a$$i$-th subsegment.The following conditions must be satisfied: For all $a$$1 \le j \le k - 1$, $a$$l_{j + 1} = r_j + 1$; $a$$l_1 = 1$, $a$$r_k = n$.If there are multiple possible solutions, output any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
520 050 1 2 3 480 1 7 1 0 1 0 332 2 240 1 2 0
```

**输出:**
```
2
1 1
2 2
-1
3
1 3
4 5
6 8
3
1 1
2 2
3 3
-1
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the array aa$a$ can be divided into 22$2$ subsegments with boundaries [1,1][1,1]$[1, 1]$ and [2,2][2,2]$[2, 2]$: MEXMEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the first subsegment [0][0]$[0]$ is 11$1$, as 00$0$ belongs to the subsegment, but 11$1$ does not. MEXMEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the second subsegment [0][0]$[0]$ is 11$1$, as 00$0$ belongs to the subsegment, but 11$1$ does not. In the second test case, it can be proven that the required division does not exist.In the third test case, the array aa$a$ can be divided into 33$3$ subsegments with boundaries [1,3][1,3]$[1, 3]$, [4,5][4,5]$[4, 5]$, [6,8][6,8]$[6, 8]$: MEXMEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the first subsegment [0,1,7][0,1,7]$[0, 1, 7]$ is 22$2$, as 00$0$ and 11$1$ belong to the subsegment, but 22$2$ does not. MEXMEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the second subsegment [1,0][1,0]$[1, 0]$ is 22$2$, as 00$0$ and 11$1$ belong to the subsegment, but 22$2$ does not. MEXMEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of the third subsegment [1,0,3][1,0,3]$[1, 0, 3]$ is 22$2$, as 00$0$ and 11$1$ belong to the subsegment, but 22$2$ does not.
