# C. Nene's Magical Matrix

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1600
**标签**: constructive algorithms, greedy, math

## 题目描述

The magical girl Nene has an n×n$t$$n\times n$ matrix a$t$$a$ filled with zeroes. The j$t$$j$-th element of the i$t$$i$-th row of matrix a$t$$a$ is denoted as ai,j$t$$a_{i, j}$.She can perform operations of the following two types with this matrix: Type 1$t$$1$ operation: choose an integer i$t$$i$ between 1$t$$1$ and n$t$$n$ and a permutation p1,p2,…,pn$t$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of integers from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$. Assign ai,j:=pj$t$$a_{i, j}:=p_j$ for all 1≤j≤n$t$$1 \le j \le n$ simultaneously. Type 2$t$$2$ operation: choose an integer i$t$$i$ between 1$t$$1$ and n$t$$n$ and a permutation p1,p2,…,pn$t$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of integers from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$. Assign aj,i:=pj$t$$a_{j, i}:=p_j$ for all 1≤j≤n$t$$1 \le j \le n$ simultaneously. Nene wants to maximize the sum of all the numbers in the matrix n∑i=1n∑j=1ai,j$t$$\sum\limits_{i=1}^{n}\sum\limits_{j=1}^{n}a_{i,j}$. She asks you to find the way to perform the operations so that this sum is maximized. As she doesn't want to make too many operations, you should provide a solution with no more than 2n$t$$2n$ operations.A permutation of length n$t$$n$ is an array consisting of n$t$$n$ distinct integers from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$ in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4]$t$$[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but [1,2,2]$t$$[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation (2$t$$2$ appears twice in the array), and [1,3,4]$t$$[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation (n=3$t$$n=3$ but there is 4$t$$4$ in the array).

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$s$$t$ (1≤t≤500$s$$1 \le t \le 500$). The description of test cases follows.The only line of each test case contains a single integer n$s$$n$ (1≤n≤500$s$$1 \le n \le 500$) — the size of the matrix a$s$$a$.It is guaranteed that the sum of n2$s$$n^2$ over all test cases does not exceed 5⋅105$s$$5 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, in the first line output two integers s$s=1$$s$ and m$s=1$$m$ (0≤m≤2n$s=1$$0\leq m\leq 2n$) — the maximum sum of the numbers in the matrix and the number of operations in your solution.In the k$s=1$$k$-th of the next m$s=1$$m$ lines output the description of the k$s=1$$k$-th operation: an integer c$s=1$$c$ (c∈{1,2}$s=1$$c \in \{1, 2\}$) — the type of the k$s=1$$k$-th operation; an integer i$s=1$$i$ (1≤i≤n$s=1$$1 \le i \le n$) — the row or the column the k$s=1$$k$-th operation is applied to; a permutation p1,p2,…,pn$s=1$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of integers from 1$s=1$$1$ to n$s=1$$n$ — the permutation used in the k$s=1$$k$-th operation. Note that you don't need to minimize the number of operations used, you only should use no more than 2n$s=1$$2n$ operations. It can be shown that the maximum possible sum can always be obtained in no more than 2n$s=1$$2n$ operations.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
212
```

**输出:**
```
1 1
1 1 1
7 3
1 1 1 2
1 2 1 2
2 1 1 2
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the maximum sum s=1$s=1$ can be obtained in 1$1$ operation by setting a1,1:=1$a_{1, 1}:=1$.In the second test case, the maximum sum s=7$s=7$ can be obtained in 3$3$ operations as follows: It can be shown that it is impossible to make the sum of the numbers in the matrix larger than 7$7$.
