# D. Unnatural Language Processing

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *900
**标签**: greedy, implementation, strings

## 题目描述

Lura was bored and decided to make a simple language using the five letters $t$$\texttt{a}$, $t$$\texttt{b}$, $t$$\texttt{c}$, $t$$\texttt{d}$, $t$$\texttt{e}$. There are two types of letters: vowels — the letters $t$$\texttt{a}$ and $t$$\texttt{e}$. They are represented by $t$$\textsf{V}$. consonants — the letters $t$$\texttt{b}$, $t$$\texttt{c}$, and $t$$\texttt{d}$. They are represented by $t$$\textsf{C}$. There are two types of syllables in the language: $t$$\textsf{CV}$ (consonant followed by vowel) or $t$$\textsf{CVC}$ (vowel with consonant before and after). For example, $t$$\texttt{ba}$, $t$$\texttt{ced}$, $t$$\texttt{bab}$ are syllables, but $t$$\texttt{aa}$, $t$$\texttt{eda}$, $t$$\texttt{baba}$ are not.A word in the language is a sequence of syllables. Lura has written a word in the language, but she doesn't know how to split it into syllables. Help her break the word into syllables.For example, given the word $t$$\texttt{bacedbab}$, it would be split into syllables as $t$$\texttt{ba.ced.bab}$ (the dot $t$$\texttt{.}$ represents a syllable boundary).

## 输入格式

The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer $\texttt{.}$$t$ ($\texttt{.}$$1 \leq t \leq 100$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains an integer $\texttt{.}$$n$ ($\texttt{.}$$1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the word.The second line of each test case contains a string consisting of $\texttt{.}$$n$ lowercase Latin characters  — the word. All words given are valid words in the language; that is, they only use the letters $\texttt{.}$$\texttt{a}$, $\texttt{.}$$\texttt{b}$, $\texttt{.}$$\texttt{c}$, $\texttt{.}$$\texttt{d}$, $\texttt{.}$$\texttt{e}$, and each word is made up of several syllables.The sum of $\texttt{.}$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed $\texttt{.}$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For test case, output a string denoting the word split into syllables by inserting a dot .$\texttt{.}$ between every pair of adjacent syllables.If there are multiple possible splittings, output any of them. The input is given in such a way that at least one possible splitting exists.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
68bacedbab4baba13daddecabeddad3dac6dacdac22dababbabababbabbababba
```

**输出:**
```
ba.ced.bab
ba.ba
dad.de.ca.bed.dad
dac
dac.dac
da.bab.ba.ba.bab.bab.ba.bab.ba
```
