# A. Diagonals

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: brute force, greedy, implementation, math

## 题目描述

Vitaly503 is given a checkered board with a side of n$t$$n$ and k$t$$k$ chips. He realized that all these k$t$$k$ chips need to be placed on the cells of the board (no more than one chip can be placed on a single cell).Let's denote the cell in the i$t$$i$-th row and j$t$$j$-th column as (i,j)$t$$(i ,j)$. A diagonal is the set of cells for which the value i+j$t$$i + j$ is the same. For example, cells (3,1)$t$$(3, 1)$, (2,2)$t$$(2, 2)$, and (1,3)$t$$(1, 3)$ lie on the same diagonal, but (1,2)$t$$(1, 2)$ and (2,3)$t$$(2, 3)$ do not. A diagonal is called occupied if it contains at least one chip. Determine what is the minimum possible number of occupied diagonals among all placements of k$t$$k$ chips.

## 输入格式

Each test consists of several sets of input data. The first line contains a single integer t$k$$t$ (1≤t≤500$k$$1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of sets of input data. Then follow the descriptions of the sets of input data.The only line of each set of input data contains two integers n$k$$n$, k$k$$k$ (1≤n≤100,0≤k≤n2$k$$1 \le n \le 100, 0 \le k \le n^2$) — the side of the checkered board and the number of available chips, respectively.

## 输出格式

For each set of input data, output a single integer — the minimum number of occupied diagonals with at least one chip that he can get after placing all k$(2, 1), (1, 2)$$k$ chips.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
71 02 22 32 410 50100 2393 9
```

**输出:**
```
0
1
2
3
6
3
5
```

## 说明

In the first test case, there are no chips, so 0 diagonals will be occupied. In the second test case, both chips can be placed on diagonal (2,1),(1,2)$(2, 1), (1, 2)$, so the answer is 1. In the third test case, 3 chips can't be placed on one diagonal, but placing them on (1,2),(2,1),(1,1)$(1, 2), (2, 1), (1, 1)$ makes 2 diagonals occupied. In the 7th test case, chips will occupy all 5 diagonals in any valid placing.
