# E. No Palindromes

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *2000
**标签**: brute force, constructive algorithms, divide and conquer, greedy, hashing, implementation, math, strings

## 题目描述

Christopher Tin ft. Soweto Gospel Choir - Baba YetuඞYou are given a string s$t$$s$ consisting of lowercase Latin characters. You need to partition†$t$$^\dagger$ this string into some substrings, such that each substring is not a palindrome‡$t$$^\ddagger$.†$t$$^\dagger$ A partition of a string s$t$$s$ is an ordered sequence of some k$t$$k$ strings t1,t2,…,tk$t$$t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k$, such that t1+t2+…+tk=s$t$$t_1 + t_2 + \ldots + t_k = s$, where +$t$$+$ here represents the concatenation operation.‡$t$$^\ddagger$ A string s$t$$s$ is considered a palindrome if it reads the same backwards as forwards. For example, racecar$t$$\mathtt{racecar}$, abccba$t$$\mathtt{abccba}$, and a$t$$\mathtt{a}$ are palindromes, but ab$t$$\mathtt{ab}$, dokibird$t$$\mathtt{dokibird}$, and kurosanji$t$$\mathtt{kurosanji}$ are not.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t$s$$t$ (1≤t≤104$s$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.Each test case contains a string s$s$$s$ consisting of lowercase Latin characters (1≤|s|≤106$s$$1 \le |s| \le 10^6$).It is guaranteed that the sum of |s|$s$$|s|$ over all test cases does not exceed 106$s$$10^6$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print on one line "YES" if there exists a partition of s$\mathtt{sinktheyacht}$$s$ whose parts are not palindromes, or "NO" if there is no such partition.If the answer is "YES", on the second line, print an integer k$\mathtt{sinktheyacht}$$k$ — the number of parts that s$\mathtt{sinktheyacht}$$s$ needs to be partitioned to such that each part is not a palindrome. On the third line, print k$\mathtt{sinktheyacht}$$k$ strings t1,t2,…,tk$\mathtt{sinktheyacht}$$t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k$ representing such a partition. If there are multiple such partitions, print any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
3sinktheyachtllllllllluwuowouwu
```

**输出:**
```
YES
1
sinktheyacht
NO
YES
3
uw uow ouwu
```

## 说明

In the first test case, since sinktheyacht$\mathtt{sinktheyacht}$ is already non-palindrome, the partition [sinktheyacht]$[\mathtt{sinktheyacht}]$ is valid.In the second test case, as any substring of the string s$s$ is palindrome, there are no valid partitions.In the third test case, another valid partition is [uw,uo,wou,wu]$[\mathtt{uw},\mathtt{uo}, \mathtt{wou}, \mathtt{wu}]$.
