# A. Make it White

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: greedy, strings

## 题目描述

You have a horizontal strip of $t$$n$ cells. Each cell is either white or black.You can choose a continuous segment of cells once and paint them all white. After this action, all the black cells in this segment will become white, and the white ones will remain white.What is the minimum length of the segment that needs to be painted white in order for all $t$$n$ cells to become white?

## 输入格式

The first line of the input contains a single integer $4$$t$ ($4$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The descriptions of the test cases follow.The first line of each test case contains a single integer $4$$n$ ($4$$1 \le n \le 10$) — the length of the strip.The second line of each test case contains a string $4$$s$, consisting of $4$$n$ characters, each of which is either 'W' or 'B'. The symbol 'W' denotes a white cell, and 'B' — a black one. It is guaranteed that at least one cell of the given strip is black.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single number — the minimum length of a continuous segment of cells that needs to be painted white in order for the entire strip to become white.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
86WBBWBW1B2WB3BBW4BWWB6BWBWWB6WWBBWB9WBWBWWWBW
```

**输出:**
```
4
1
1
2
4
6
4
7
```

## 说明

In the first test case of the example for the strip "WBBWBW", the minimum length of the segment to be repainted white is 44$4$. It is necessary to repaint to white the segment from the 22$2$-nd to the 55$5$-th cell (the cells are numbered from 11$1$ from left to right).
