# B. Make Majority

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1.5 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *900
**标签**: greedy, implementation

## 题目描述

You are given a sequence [a1,…,an]$t$$[a_1,\ldots,a_n]$ where each element ai$t$$a_i$ is either 0$t$$0$ or 1$t$$1$. You can apply several (possibly zero) operations to the sequence. In each operation, you select two integers 1≤l≤r≤|a|$t$$1\le l\le r\le |a|$ (where |a|$t$$|a|$ is the current length of a$t$$a$) and replace [al,…,ar]$t$$[a_l,\ldots,a_r]$ with a single element x$t$$x$, where x$t$$x$ is the majority of [al,…,ar]$t$$[a_l,\ldots,a_r]$.Here, the majority of a sequence consisting of 0$t$$0$ and 1$t$$1$ is defined as follows: suppose there are c0$t$$c_0$ zeros and c1$t$$c_1$ ones in the sequence, respectively. If c0≥c1$t$$c_0\ge c_1$, the majority is 0$t$$0$. If c0<c1$t$$c_0<c_1$, the majority is 1$t$$1$. For example, suppose a=[1,0,0,0,1,1]$t$$a=[1,0,0,0,1,1]$. If we select l=1,r=2$t$$l=1,r=2$, the resulting sequence will be [0,0,0,1,1]$t$$[0,0,0,1,1]$. If we select l=4,r=6$t$$l=4,r=6$, the resulting sequence will be [1,0,0,1]$t$$[1,0,0,1]$. Determine if you can make a=[1]$t$$a=[1]$ with a finite number of operations.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$a=[1]$$t$ (1≤t≤4⋅104$a=[1]$$1 \le t \le 4\cdot 10^4$). Description of the test cases follows.The first line of each testcase contains one integer n$a=[1]$$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$a=[1]$$1\le n\le 2\cdot 10^5$).The second line of each testcase contains a string consisting of 0$a=[1]$$0$ and 1$a=[1]$$1$, describing the sequence a$a=[1]$$a$.It's guaranteed that the sum of n$a=[1]$$n$ over all testcases does not exceed 2⋅105$a=[1]$$2\cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each testcase, if it's possible to make a=[1]$a=[1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1]$$a=[1]$, print YES. Otherwise, print NO. You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings yEs, yes, Yes, and YES will be recognized as positive responses.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
5101120191000000019000011000
```

**输出:**
```
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
```

## 说明

In the fourth testcase of the example, initially a=[1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1]$a=[1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1]$. A valid sequence of operations is: Select l=2,r=8$l=2,r=8$ and apply the operation. a$a$ becomes [1,0,1]$[1,0,1]$. Select l=1,r=3$l=1,r=3$ and apply the operation. a$a$ becomes [1]$[1]$.
