# A. Destroying Bridges

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: graphs, greedy, math

## 题目描述

There are $t$$n$ islands, numbered $t$$1, 2, \ldots, n$. Initially, every pair of islands is connected by a bridge. Hence, there are a total of $t$$\frac{n (n - 1)}{2}$ bridges. Everule lives on island $t$$1$ and enjoys visiting the other islands using bridges. Dominater has the power to destroy at most $t$$k$ bridges to minimize the number of islands that Everule can reach using (possibly multiple) bridges.Find the minimum number of islands (including island $t$$1$) that Everule can visit if Dominater destroys bridges optimally.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $1$$t$ ($1$$1 \leq t \leq 10^3$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first and only line of each test case contains two integers $1$$n$ and $1$$k$ ($1$$1 \le n \le 100$, $1$$0 \le k \le \frac{n \cdot (n - 1)}{2}$).

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the minimum number of islands that Everule can visit if Dominater destroys bridges optimally.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
62 02 14 15 105 34 4
```

**输出:**
```
2
1
4
1
5
1
```

## 说明

In the first test case, since no bridges can be destroyed, all the islands will be reachable.In the second test case, you can destroy the bridge between islands 11$1$ and 22$2$. Everule will not be able to visit island 22$2$ but can still visit island 11$1$. Therefore, the total number of islands that Everule can visit is 11$1$.In the third test case, Everule always has a way of reaching all islands despite what Dominater does. For example, if Dominater destroyed the bridge between islands 11$1$ and 22$2$, Everule can still visit island 22$2$ by traveling by 1→3→21→3→2$1 \to 3 \to 2$ as the bridges between 11$1$ and 33$3$, and between 33$3$ and 22$2$ are not destroyed.In the fourth test case, you can destroy all bridges since k=n⋅(n−1)2k=n⋅(n−1)2$k = \frac{n \cdot (n - 1)}{2}$. Everule will be only able to visit 11$1$ island (island 11$1$).
