# A. MEX Game 1

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1300
**标签**: games, greedy

## 题目描述

Alice and Bob play yet another game on an array a$t$$a$ of size n$t$$n$. Alice starts with an empty array c$t$$c$. Both players take turns playing, with Alice starting first.On Alice's turn, she picks one element from a$t$$a$, appends that element to c$t$$c$, and then deletes it from a$t$$a$.On Bob's turn, he picks one element from a$t$$a$, and then deletes it from a$t$$a$. The game ends when the array a$t$$a$ is empty. Game's score is defined to be the MEX†$t$$^\dagger$ of c$t$$c$. Alice wants to maximize the score while Bob wants to minimize it. Find game's final score if both players play optimally.†$t$$^\dagger$ The MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ (minimum excludant) of an array of integers is defined as the smallest non-negative integer which does not occur in the array. For example: The MEX of [2,2,1]$t$$[2,2,1]$ is 0$t$$0$, because 0$t$$0$ does not belong to the array. The MEX of [3,1,0,1]$t$$[3,1,0,1]$ is 2$t$$2$, because 0$t$$0$ and 1$t$$1$ belong to the array, but 2$t$$2$ does not. The MEX of [0,3,1,2]$t$$[0,3,1,2]$ is 4$t$$4$, because 0$t$$0$, 1$t$$1$, 2$t$$2$ and 3$t$$3$ belong to the array, but 4$t$$4$ does not.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer t$2$$t$ (1≤t≤2⋅104$2$$1 \leq t \leq 2 \cdot 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$2$$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$2$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$).The second line of each test case contains n$2$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$2$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (0≤ai<n$2$$0 \le a_i < n$).It is guaranteed that the sum of n$2$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$2$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, find game's score if both players play optimally.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
340 0 1 140 1 2 321 1
```

**输出:**
```
2
1
0
```

## 说明

In the first test case, a possible game with a score of 22$2$ is as follows: Alice chooses the element 11$1$. After this move, a=[0,0,1]a=[0,0,1]$a=[0,0,1]$ and c=[1]c=[1]$c=[1]$. Bob chooses the element 00$0$. After this move, a=[0,1]a=[0,1]$a=[0,1]$ and c=[1]c=[1]$c=[1]$. Alice chooses the element 00$0$. After this move, a=[1]a=[1]$a=[1]$ and c=[1,0]c=[1,0]$c=[1,0]$. Bob chooses the element 11$1$. After this move, a=[]a=[]$a=[\,]$ and c=[1,0]c=[1,0]$c=[1,0]$. At the end, c=[1,0]c=[1,0]$c=[1,0]$, which has a MEX of 22$2$. Note that this is an example game and does not necessarily represent the optimal strategy for both players.
