# D. Good Trip

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1900
**标签**: combinatorics, dp, math, probabilities

## 题目描述

There are n$t$$n$ children in a class, m$t$$m$ pairs among them are friends. The i$t$$i$-th pair who are friends have a friendship value of fi$t$$f_i$. The teacher has to go for k$t$$k$ excursions, and for each of the excursions she chooses a pair of children randomly, equiprobably and independently. If a pair of children who are friends is chosen, their friendship value increases by 1$t$$1$ for all subsequent excursions (the teacher can choose a pair of children more than once). The friendship value of a pair who are not friends is considered 0$t$$0$, and it does not change for subsequent excursions. Find the expected value of the sum of friendship values of all k$t$$k$ pairs chosen for the excursions (at the time of being chosen). It can be shown that this answer can always be expressed as a fraction pq$t$$\dfrac{p}{q}$ where p$t$$p$ and q$t$$q$ are coprime integers. Calculate p⋅q−1mod(109+7)$t$$p\cdot q^{-1} \bmod (10^9+7)$.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$0$$t$ (1≤t≤5⋅104$0$$1 \le t \le 5 \cdot 10^4$). Description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains 3$0$$3$ integers n$0$$n$, m$0$$m$ and k$0$$k$ (2≤n≤105$0$$2 \le n \le 10^5$, 0≤m≤min(105$0$$0 \le m \le \min \Big(10^5$, n(n−1)2)$0$$ \frac{n(n-1)}{2} \Big)$, 1≤k≤2⋅105$0$$1 \le k \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of children, pairs of friends and excursions respectively.The next m$0$$m$ lines contain three integers each — ai$0$$a_i$, bi$0$$b_i$, fi$0$$f_i$ — the indices of the pair of children who are friends and their friendship value. (ai≠bi$0$$a_i \neq b_i$, 1≤ai,bi≤n$0$$1 \le a_i,b_i \le n$, 1≤fi≤109$0$$1 \le f_i \le 10^9$). It is guaranteed that all pairs of friends are distinct.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$0$$n$ and sum m$0$$m$ over all test cases does not exceed 105$0$$10^5$ and the sum of k$0$$k$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$0$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print one integer — the answer to the problem.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
4100 0 242 1 101 2 13 1 22 1 15 2 41 2 253 2 24
```

**输出:**
```
0
55
777777784
40000020
```

## 说明

For the first test case, there are no pairs of friends, so the friendship value of all pairs is 0$0$ and stays 0$0$ for subsequent rounds, hence the friendship value for all excursions is 0$0$.For the second test case, there is only one pair possible (1,2)$(1, 2)$ and its friendship value is initially 1$1$, so each turn they are picked and their friendship value increases by 1$1$. Therefore, the total sum is 1+2+3+…+10=55$1+2+3+\ldots+10 = 55$.For the third test case, the final answer is 79=777777784mod(109+7)$\frac{7}{9} = 777\,777\,784\bmod (10^9+7)$.
