# B. Card Game

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1000
**标签**: brute force, constructive algorithms, implementation

## 题目描述

Suneet and Slavic play a card game. The rules of the game are as follows: Each card has an integer value between 1$t$$1$ and 10$t$$10$. Each player receives 2$t$$2$ cards which are face-down (so a player doesn't know their cards). The game is turn-based and consists exactly of two turns. In a round, both players pick a random unflipped card and flip it. The player who flipped a card with a strictly greater number wins the round. In case of equality, no one wins the round. A player wins a game if he wins the most number of rounds (i.e. strictly greater than the other player). In case of equality, no one wins the game. Since Suneet and Slavic aren't best friends, you need to calculate the number of ways the game could happen that Suneet would end up as the winner.For a better understanding, please check the notes section.

## 输入格式

The first line contains an integer t$2$$t$ (1≤t≤104$2$$1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases.The first and only line of each test case contains 4$2$$4$ integers a1$2$$a_1$, a2$2$$a_2$, b1$2$$b_1$, b2$2$$b_2$ (1≤a1,a2,b1,b2≤10$2$$1 \leq a_1, a_2, b_1, b_2 \leq 10$) where a1$2$$a_1$ and a2$2$$a_2$ represent the cards Suneet has, and b1$2$$b_1$ and b2$2$$b_2$ represent the cards Slavic has, respectively.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer — the number of games Suneet would win considering all possible games.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
53 8 2 61 1 1 110 10 2 21 1 10 103 8 7 2
```

**输出:**
```
2
0
4
0
2
```

## 说明

Consider the first test case when Slavic starts with the cards that have the values 2$2$ and 6$6$, and Suneet starts with cards that have the values 3$3$ and 8$8$. The game could happen in 4$4$ different ways: Suneet flips 3$3$ and Slavic flips 2$2$. Suneet wins the first round. Then, Suneet flips 8$8$ and Slavic flips 6$6$. Suneet wins the second round as well. Since Suneet won 2$2$ rounds, he wins the game. Suneet flips 3$3$ and Slavic flips 6$6$. Slavic wins the first round. Then, Suneet flips 8$8$ and Slavic flips 2$2$. Suneet wins the second round. Nobody wins since both players won an equal amount of rounds. Suneet flips 8$8$ and Slavic flips 6$6$. Suneet wins the first round. Then, Suneet flips 3$3$ and Slavic flips 2$2$. Suneet wins the second round as well. Since Suneet won 2$2$ rounds, he wins the game. Suneet flips 8$8$ and Slavic flips 2$2$. Suneet wins the first round. Then, Suneet flips 3$3$ and Slavic flips 6$6$. Slavic wins the round. Nobody wins since both players won an equal amount of rounds.
