# C. Hungry Games

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1600
**标签**: binary search, dp, two pointers

## 题目描述

Yaroslav is playing a computer game, and at one of the levels, he encountered n$n$ mushrooms arranged in a row. Each mushroom has its own level of toxicity; the i$i$-th mushroom from the beginning has a toxicity level of ai$a_i$. Yaroslav can choose two integers 1≤l≤r≤n$1 \le l \le r \le n$, and then his character will take turns from left to right to eat mushrooms from this subsegment one by one, i.e., the mushrooms with numbers l,l+1,l+2,…,r$l, l+1, l+2, \ldots, r$.The character has a toxicity level g$g$, initially equal to 0$0$. The computer game is defined by the number x$x$ — the maximum toxicity level at any given time. When eating a mushroom with toxicity level k$k$, the following happens: The toxicity level of the character is increased by k$k$. If g≤x$g \leq x$, the process continues; otherwise, g$g$ becomes zero and the process continues. Yaroslav became interested in how many ways there are to choose the values of l$l$ and r$r$ such that the final value of g$g$ is not zero. Help Yaroslav find this number!

## 输入格式

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t$t$ (1≤t≤104$1 \le t \le 10^{4}$) — the number of test cases. Then follows the description of the test cases.The first line of each test case contains two integers n$n$, x$x$ (1≤n≤2⋅105,1≤x≤109$1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5, 1 \le x \le 10^9$) — the number of mushrooms and the maximum toxicity level.The second line of each test case contains n$n$ numbers a1,a2,…,an$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (1≤ai≤109$1 \leq a_i \leq 10^9$).It is guaranteed that the sum of n$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single number — the number of subsegments such that the final value of g$g$ will not be zero.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
54 21 1 1 13 21 2 31 6106 31 2 1 4 3 85 999999999999999999 999999998 1000000000 1000000000 500000000
```

**输出:**
```
8
2
0
10
7
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the subsegments (1,1)$(1, 1)$, (1,2)$(1, 2)$, (1,4)$(1, 4)$, (2,2)$(2, 2)$, (2,3)$(2, 3)$, (3,3)$(3, 3)$, (3,4)$(3, 4)$ and (4,4)$(4, 4)$ are suitable.In the second test case, non-zero g$g$ will remain only on the subsegments (1,1)$(1, 1)$ and (2,2)$(2, 2)$.In the third test case, on the only possible subsegment, g$g$ will be zero.
