# A. Maximise The Score

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: greedy, sortings

## 题目描述

There are $t$$2n$ positive integers written on a whiteboard. Being bored, you decided to play a one-player game with the numbers on the whiteboard.You start with a score of $t$$0$. You will increase your score by performing the following move exactly $t$$n$ times: Choose two integers $t$$x$ and $t$$y$ that are written on the whiteboard. Add $t$$\min(x,y)$ to your score. Erase $t$$x$ and $t$$y$ from the whiteboard. Note that after performing the move $t$$n$ times, there will be no more integers written on the whiteboard.Find the maximum final score you can achieve if you optimally perform the $t$$n$ moves.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $x=2$$t$ ($x=2$$1 \leq t \leq 5000$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer $x=2$$n$ ($x=2$$1 \leq n \leq 50$) — the number of integers written on the whiteboard is $x=2$$2n$.The second line of each test case contains $x=2$$2n$ integers $x=2$$a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_{2n}$ ($x=2$$1 \leq a_i \leq 10^7$) — the numbers written on the whiteboard.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the maximum final score that you can achieve.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
312 321 1 2 131 1 1 1 1 1
```

**输出:**
```
2
2
3
```

## 说明

In the first test case, you can only make one move. You select x=2x=2$x=2$ and y=3y=3$y=3$, and your score will be min(x,y)=2min(x,y)=2$\min(x,y)=2$.In the second test case, the following is a sequence of moves that achieves a final score of 22$2$: In the first move, select x=1x=1$x=1$ and y=1y=1$y=1$. Then, add min(x,y)=1min(x,y)=1$\min(x,y)=1$ to the score. After erasing xx$x$ and yy$y$, the integers left on the whiteboard are 11$1$ and 22$2$. In the second move, select x=1x=1$x=1$ and y=2y=2$y=2$. Then, add min(x,y)=1min(x,y)=1$\min(x,y)=1$ to the score. After removing xx$x$ and yy$y$, no more integers will be left on the whiteboard. It can be proved that it is not possible to get a score greater than 22$2$.In the third test case, you will perform the move thrice, adding 11$1$ to the score each time.
