# A. Entertainment in MAC

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: constructive algorithms, strings

## 题目描述

Congratulations, you have been accepted to the Master's Assistance Center! However, you were extremely bored in class and got tired of doing nothing, so you came up with a game for yourself.You are given a string $t$$s$ and an even integer $t$$n$. There are two types of operations that you can apply to it: Add the reversed string $t$$s$ to the end of the string $t$$s$ (for example, if $t$$s = $ cpm, then after applying the operation $t$$s = $ cpmmpc). Reverse the current string $t$$s$ (for example, if $t$$s = $ cpm, then after applying the operation $t$$s = $ mpc). It is required to determine the lexicographically smallest$t$$^{\dagger}$ string that can be obtained after applying exactly $t$$n$ operations. Note that you can apply operations of different types in any order, but you must apply exactly $t$$n$ operations in total.$t$$^{\dagger}$A string $t$$a$ is lexicographically smaller than a string $t$$b$ if and only if one of the following holds: $t$$a$ is a prefix of $t$$b$, but $t$$a \ne b$; in the first position where $t$$a$ and $t$$b$ differ, the string $t$$a$ has a letter that appears earlier in the alphabet than the corresponding letter in $t$$b$.

## 输入格式

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $n$$t$ ($n$$1 \leq t \leq 500$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single even integer $n$$n$ ($n$$2 \leq n \leq 10^9$) — the number of operations applied to the string $n$$s$.The second line of each test case contains a single string $n$$s$ ($n$$1 \leq |s| \leq 100$), consisting of lowercase English letters, — the string to which the operations are applied.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single line — the lexicographically smallest string that can be obtained after applying exactly $s$$n$ operations.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
54cpm2grib10kupitimilablodarbuz1000000000capybara6abacaba
```

**输出:**
```
cpm
birggrib
kupitimilablodarbuz
arabypaccapybara
abacaba
```

## 说明

In the first test case, you can apply the operation of the second type (i.e., reverse the string ss$s$) 44$4$ times. Then the string ss$s$ will remain equal to cpm.In the second test case, you can do the following: Apply the operation of the second type, after which ss$s$ will become equal to birg. Apply operation of the first type (i.e., add the reversed string ss$s$ to the end of the string ss$s$), after which ss$s$ will become equal to birggrib.
