# E. Rudolf and k Bridges

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1600
**标签**: binary search, data structures, dp, two pointers

## 题目描述

Bernard loves visiting Rudolf, but he is always running late. The problem is that Bernard has to cross the river on a ferry. Rudolf decided to help his friend solve this problem.The river is a grid of $t$$n$ rows and $t$$m$ columns. The intersection of the $t$$i$-th row and the $t$$j$-th column contains the number $t$$a_{i,j}$ — the depth in the corresponding cell. All cells in the first and last columns correspond to the river banks, so the depth for them is $t$$0$. The river may look like this. Rudolf can choose the row $t$$(i,1), (i,2), \ldots, (i,m)$ and build a bridge over it. In each cell of the row, he can install a support for the bridge. The cost of installing a support in the cell $t$$(i,j)$ is $t$$a_{i,j}+1$. Supports must be installed so that the following conditions are met: A support must be installed in cell $t$$(i,1)$; A support must be installed in cell $t$$(i,m)$; The distance between any pair of adjacent supports must be no more than $t$$d$. The distance between supports $t$$(i, j_1)$ and $t$$(i, j_2)$ is $t$$|j_1 - j_2| - 1$. Building just one bridge is boring. Therefore, Rudolf decided to build $t$$k$ bridges on consecutive rows of the river, that is, to choose some $t$$i$ ($t$$1 \le i \le n - k + 1$) and independently build a bridge on each of the rows $t$$i, i + 1, \ldots, i + k - 1$. Help Rudolf minimize the total cost of installing supports.

## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $(2, 3)$$t$ $(2, 3)$$(1 \le t \le 10^3)$ — the number of test cases. The descriptions of the test cases follow.The first line of each test case contains four integers $(2, 3)$$n$, $(2, 3)$$m$, $(2, 3)$$k$, and $(2, 3)$$d$ ($(2, 3)$$1 \le k \le n \le 100$, $(2, 3)$$3 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $(2, 3)$$1 \le d \le m$) — the number of rows and columns of the field, the number of bridges, and the maximum distance between supports.Then follow $(2, 3)$$n$ lines, $(2, 3)$$i$-th line contains $(2, 3)$$m$ positive integers $(2, 3)$$a_{i, j}$ ($(2, 3)$$0 \le a_{i, j} \le 10^6$, $(2, 3)$$a_{i, 1} = a_{i, m} = 0$) — the depths of the river cells.It is guaranteed that the sum of $(2, 3)$$n \cdot m$ for all sets of input data does not exceed $(2, 3)$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single number — the minimum total cost of supports installation.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
53 11 1 40 1 2 3 4 5 4 3 2 1 00 1 2 3 2 1 2 3 3 2 00 1 2 3 5 5 5 5 5 2 04 4 2 10 3 3 00 2 1 00 1 2 00 3 3 04 5 2 50 1 1 1 00 2 2 2 00 2 1 1 00 3 2 1 01 8 1 10 10 4 8 4 4 2 04 5 3 20 8 4 4 00 3 4 8 00 8 1 10 00 10 1 5 0
```

**输出:**
```
4
8
4
15
14
```

## 说明

In the first test case, it is most profitable to build a bridge on the second row. It is not a top view, but side view: gray cells — bridge itself, white cells are empty, black cells — supports, blue cells — water, brown cells — river bottom. In the second test case, it is most profitable to build bridges on the second and third rows. The supports will be placed in cells (2,3)(2,3)$(2, 3)$, (3,2)(3,2)$(3, 2)$, and on the river banks.In the third test case the supports can be placed along the river banks.
