# B. Permutation Printing

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1000
**标签**: brute force, constructive algorithms, math

## 题目描述

You are given a positive integer $t$$n$.Find a permutation$t$$^\dagger$ $t$$p$ of length $t$$n$ such that there do not exist two distinct indices $t$$i$ and $t$$j$ ($t$$1 \leq i, j < n$; $t$$i \neq j$) such that $t$$p_i$ divides $t$$p_j$ and $t$$p_{i+1}$ divides $t$$p_{j+1}$.Refer to the Notes section for some examples.Under the constraints of this problem, it can be proven that at least one $t$$p$ exists.$t$$^\dagger$ A permutation of length $t$$n$ is an array consisting of $t$$n$ distinct integers from $t$$1$ to $t$$n$ in arbitrary order. For example, $t$$[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but $t$$[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation ($t$$2$ appears twice in the array), and $t$$[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation ($t$$n=3$ but there is $t$$4$ in the array).

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$t$ ($p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$1 \leq t \leq 10^3$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$n$ ($p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$3 \leq n \leq 10^5$) — the length of the permutation $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$p$.It is guaranteed that the sum of $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output $p=[4,1,2,3]$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$.If there are multiple solutions, you may output any one of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
243
```

**输出:**
```
4 1 2 3
1 2 3
```

## 说明

In the first test case, p=[4,1,2,3]p=[4,1,2,3]$p=[4,1,2,3]$ is a valid permutation. However, the permutation p=[1,2,3,4]p=[1,2,3,4]$p=[1,2,3,4]$ is not a valid permutation as we can choose i=1i=1$i=1$ and j=3j=3$j=3$. Then p1=1p1=1$p_1=1$ divides p3=3p3=3$p_3=3$ and p2=2p2=2$p_2=2$ divides p4=4p4=4$p_4=4$. Note that the permutation p=[3,4,2,1]p=[3,4,2,1]$p=[3, 4, 2, 1]$ is also not a valid permutation as we can choose i=3i=3$i=3$ and j=2j=2$j=2$. Then p3=2p3=2$p_3=2$ divides p2=4p2=4$p_2=4$ and p4=1p4=1$p_4=1$ divides p3=2p3=2$p_3=2$.In the second test case, p=[1,2,3]p=[1,2,3]$p=[1,2,3]$ is a valid permutation. In fact, all 66$6$ permutations of length 33$3$ are valid.
