# D. Grid Puzzle

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1800
**标签**: bitmasks, brute force, dp, greedy, implementation

## 题目描述

You are given an array a$t$$a$ of size n$t$$n$.There is an n×n$t$$n \times n$ grid. In the i$t$$i$-th row, the first ai$t$$a_i$ cells are black and the other cells are white. In other words, note (i,j)$t$$(i,j)$ as the cell in the i$t$$i$-th row and j$t$$j$-th column, cells (i,1),(i,2),…,(i,ai)$t$$(i,1), (i,2), \ldots, (i,a_i)$ are black, and cells (i,ai+1),…,(i,n)$t$$(i,a_i+1), \ldots, (i,n)$ are white.You can do the following operations any number of times in any order: Dye a 2×2$t$$2 \times 2$ subgrid white; Dye a whole row white. Note you can not dye a whole column white. Find the minimum number of operations to dye all cells white.

## 输入格式

The first line contains an integer t$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$t$ (1≤t≤104$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases.For each test case: The first line contains an integer n$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the size of the array a$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$a$. The second line contains n$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (0≤ai≤n$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$0 \leq a_i \leq n$). It's guaranteed that the sum of n$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$n$ over all test cases will not exceed 2⋅105$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum number of operations to dye all cells white.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
101042 4 4 243 2 1 030 3 030 1 333 1 043 1 0 340 2 2 261 3 4 2 0 482 2 5 2 3 4 2 4
```

**输出:**
```
0
3
2
1
2
2
3
2
4
6
```

## 说明

In the first test case, you don't need to do any operation.In the second test case, you can do: Dye (1,1),(1,2),(2,1)$(1,1), (1,2), (2,1)$, and (2,2)$(2,2)$ white; Dye (2,3),(2,4),(3,3)$(2,3), (2,4), (3,3)$, and (3,4)$(3,4)$ white; Dye (3,1),(3,2),(4,1)$(3,1), (3,2), (4,1)$, and (4,2)$(4,2)$ white. It can be proven 3$3$ is the minimum number of operations.In the third test case, you can do: Dye the first row white; Dye (2,1),(2,2),(3,1)$(2,1), (2,2), (3,1)$, and (3,2)$(3,2)$ white. It can be proven 2$2$ is the minimum number of operations.
