# C. Turtle and an Incomplete Sequence

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 3 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1800
**标签**: bitmasks, brute force, constructive algorithms, greedy, implementation, math

## 题目描述

Turtle was playing with a sequence a1,a2,…,an$t$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ consisting of positive integers. Unfortunately, some of the integers went missing while playing.Now the sequence becomes incomplete. There may exist an arbitrary number of indices i$t$$i$ such that ai$t$$a_i$ becomes −1$t$$-1$. Let the new sequence be a′$t$$a'$.Turtle is sad. But Turtle remembers that for every integer i$t$$i$ from 1$t$$1$ to n−1$t$$n - 1$, either ai=⌊ai+12⌋$t$$a_i = \left\lfloor\frac{a_{i + 1}}{2}\right\rfloor$ or ai+1=⌊ai2⌋$t$$a_{i + 1} = \left\lfloor\frac{a_i}{2}\right\rfloor$ holds for the original sequence a$t$$a$.Turtle wants you to help him complete the sequence. But sometimes Turtle makes mistakes, so you need to tell him if you can't complete the sequence.Formally, you need to find another sequence b1,b2,…,bn$t$$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ consisting of positive integers such that: For every integer i$t$$i$ from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$, if a′i≠−1$t$$a'_i \ne -1$, then bi=a′i$t$$b_i = a'_i$. For every integer i$t$$i$ from 1$t$$1$ to n−1$t$$n - 1$, either bi=⌊bi+12⌋$t$$b_i = \left\lfloor\frac{b_{i + 1}}{2}\right\rfloor$ or bi+1=⌊bi2⌋$t$$b_{i + 1} = \left\lfloor\frac{b_i}{2}\right\rfloor$ holds. For every integer i$t$$i$ from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$, 1≤bi≤109$t$$1 \le b_i \le 10^9$. If there is no sequence b1,b2,…,bn$t$$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ that satisfies all of the conditions above, you need to report −1$t$$-1$.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$t$ (1≤t≤105$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$1 \le t \le 10^5$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$n$ (2≤n≤2⋅105$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the sequence.The second line of each test case contains n$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$n$ integers a′1,a′2,…,a′n$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$a'_1, a'_2, \ldots, a'_n$ (a′i=−1$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$a'_i = -1$ or 1≤a′i≤108$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$1 \le a'_i \le 10^8$) — the elements of the sequence a′$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$a'$.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, if there is no sequence b1,b2,…,bn$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ that satisfies all of the conditions, output a single integer −1$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$-1$.Otherwise, output n$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$n$ integers b1,b2,…,bn$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ — the elements of the sequence b1,b2,…,bn$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ you find. The sequence should satisfy that 1≤bi≤109$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$1 \le b_i \le 10^9$ for every integer i$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$i$ from 1$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$1$ to n$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$$n$. If there are multiple answers, print any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
98-1 -1 -1 2 -1 -1 1 -14-1 -1 -1 -163 -1 -1 -1 9 -14-1 5 -1 642 -1 -1 341 2 3 424 25-1 3 -1 3 613-1 -1 3 -1 -1 -1 -1 7 -1 -1 3 -1 -1
```

**输出:**
```
4 9 4 2 4 2 1 2
7 3 6 13
3 1 2 4 9 18
-1
-1
-1
4 2
6 3 1 3 6
3 1 3 1 3 7 3 7 3 1 3 1 3
```

## 说明

In the first test case, [4,2,1,2,1,2,1,3]$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3]$ can also be the answer, while [4,2,5,10,5,2,1,3]$[4, 2, 5, 10, 5, 2, 1, 3]$ and [4,2,1,2,1,2,1,4]$[4, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 4]$ cannot.In the second test case, [1,2,5,2]$[1, 2, 5, 2]$ can also be the answer.From the fourth to the sixth test cases, it can be shown that there is no answer, so you should output −1$-1$.
