# B. Turtle and Piggy Are Playing a Game 2

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: games, greedy, sortings

## 题目描述

Turtle and Piggy are playing a game on a sequence. They are given a sequence a1,a2,…,an$t$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$, and Turtle goes first. Turtle and Piggy alternate in turns (so, Turtle does the first turn, Piggy does the second, Turtle does the third, etc.).The game goes as follows: Let the current length of the sequence be m$t$$m$. If m=1$t$$m = 1$, the game ends. If the game does not end and it's Turtle's turn, then Turtle must choose an integer i$t$$i$ such that 1≤i≤m−1$t$$1 \le i \le m - 1$, set ai$t$$a_i$ to max(ai,ai+1)$t$$\max(a_i, a_{i + 1})$, and remove ai+1$t$$a_{i + 1}$. If the game does not end and it's Piggy's turn, then Piggy must choose an integer i$t$$i$ such that 1≤i≤m−1$t$$1 \le i \le m - 1$, set ai$t$$a_i$ to min(ai,ai+1)$t$$\min(a_i, a_{i + 1})$, and remove ai+1$t$$a_{i + 1}$. Turtle wants to maximize the value of a1$t$$a_1$ in the end, while Piggy wants to minimize the value of a1$t$$a_1$ in the end. Find the value of a1$t$$a_1$ in the end if both players play optimally.You can refer to notes for further clarification.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$a_1$$t$ (1≤t≤104$a_1$$1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$a_1$$n$ (2≤n≤105$a_1$$2 \le n \le 10^5$) — the length of the sequence.The second line of each test case contains n$a_1$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$a_1$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (1≤ai≤105$a_1$$1 \le a_i \le 10^5$) — the elements of the sequence a$a_1$$a$.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$a_1$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 105$a_1$$10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer — the value of a1$a = [1, 2]$$a_1$ in the end if both players play optimally.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
521 231 1 231 2 353 1 2 2 31010 2 5 2 7 9 2 5 10 7
```

**输出:**
```
2
1
2
2
7
```

## 说明

In the first test case, initially a=[1,2]$a = [1, 2]$. Turtle can only choose i=1$i = 1$. Then he will set a1$a_1$ to max(a1,a2)=2$\max(a_1, a_2) = 2$ and remove a2$a_2$. The sequence a$a$ becomes [2]$[2]$. Then the length of the sequence becomes 1$1$, and the game will end. The value of a1$a_1$ is 2$2$, so you should output 2$2$.In the second test case, one of the possible game processes is as follows: Initially a=[1,1,2]$a = [1, 1, 2]$. Turtle can choose i=2$i = 2$. Then he will set a2$a_2$ to max(a2,a3)=2$\max(a_2, a_3) = 2$ and remove a3$a_3$. The sequence a$a$ will become [1,2]$[1, 2]$. Piggy can choose i=1$i = 1$. Then he will set a1$a_1$ to min(a1,a2)=1$\min(a_1, a_2) = 1$ and remove a2$a_2$. The sequence a$a$ will become [1]$[1]$. The length of the sequence becomes 1$1$, so the game will end. The value of a1$a_1$ will be 1$1$ in the end. In the fourth test case, one of the possible game processes is as follows: Initially a=[3,1,2,2,3]$a = [3, 1, 2, 2, 3]$. Turtle can choose i=4$i = 4$. Then he will set a4$a_4$ to max(a4,a5)=3$\max(a_4, a_5) = 3$ and remove a5$a_5$. The sequence a$a$ will become [3,1,2,3]$[3, 1, 2, 3]$. Piggy can choose i=3$i = 3$. Then he will set a3$a_3$ to min(a3,a4)=2$\min(a_3, a_4) = 2$ and remove a4$a_4$. The sequence a$a$ will become [3,1,2]$[3, 1, 2]$. Turtle can choose i=2$i = 2$. Then he will set a2$a_2$ to max(a2,a3)=2$\max(a_2, a_3) = 2$ and remove a3$a_3$. The sequence a$a$ will become [3,2]$[3, 2]$. Piggy can choose i=1$i = 1$. Then he will set a1$a_1$ to min(a1,a2)=2$\min(a_1, a_2) = 2$ and remove a2$a_2$. The sequence a$a$ will become [2]$[2]$. The length of the sequence becomes 1$1$, so the game will end. The value of a1$a_1$ will be 2$2$ in the end.
