# C. New Rating

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1700
**标签**: binary search, data structures, dp, greedy

## 题目描述

Hello, Codeforces Forcescode! Kevin used to be a participant of Codeforces. Recently, the KDOI Team has developed a new Online Judge called Forcescode. Kevin has participated in n$t$$n$ contests on Forcescode. In the i$t$$i$-th contest, his performance rating is ai$t$$a_i$.Now he has hacked into the backend of Forcescode and will select an interval [l,r]$t$$[l,r]$ (1≤l≤r≤n$t$$1\le l\le r\le n$), then skip all of the contests in this interval. After that, his rating will be recalculated in the following way: Initially, his rating is x=0$t$$x=0$; For each 1≤i≤n$t$$1\le i\le n$, after the i$t$$i$-th contest, If l≤i≤r$t$$l\le i\le r$, this contest will be skipped, and the rating will remain unchanged; Otherwise, his rating will be updated according to the following rules: If ai>x$t$$a_i>x$, his rating x$t$$x$ will increase by 1$t$$1$; If ai=x$t$$a_i=x$, his rating x$t$$x$ will remain unchanged; If ai<x$t$$a_i<x$, his rating x$t$$x$ will decrease by 1$t$$1$. You have to help Kevin to find his maximum possible rating after the recalculation if he chooses the interval [l,r]$t$$[l,r]$ optimally. Note that Kevin has to skip at least one contest.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line of the input contains a single integer t$1$$t$ (1≤t≤5⋅104$1$$1\le t\le 5\cdot 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$1$$n$ (1≤n≤3⋅105$1$$1\le n\le 3\cdot 10^5$) — the number of contests.The second line contains n$1$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$1$$a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n$ (1≤ai≤n$1$$1\le a_i\le n$) — the performance ratings in the contests.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$1$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 3⋅105$1$$3 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer — the maximum possible rating after the recalculation if Kevin chooses the interval optimally.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
561 2 3 4 5 671 2 1 1 1 3 41199 9 8 2 4 4 3 5 3101 2 3 4 1 3 2 1 1 10
```

**输出:**
```
5
4
0
4
5
```

## 说明

In the first test case, Kevin must skip at least one contest. If he chooses any interval of length 1$1$, his rating after the recalculation will be equal to 5$5$.In the second test case, Kevin's optimal choice is to select the interval [3,5]$[3,5]$. During the recalculation, his rating changes as follows:0a1=1→1a2=2→2skip→2skip→2skip→2a6=3→3a7=4→4In the third test case, Kevin must skip the only contest, so his rating will remain at the initial value of 0$0$.In the fourth test case, Kevin's optimal choice is to select the interval [7,9]$[7,9]$. During the recalculation, his rating changes as follows:0a1=9→1a2=9→2a3=8→3a4=2→2a5=4→3a6=4→4skip→4skip→4skip→4In the fifth test case, Kevin's optimal choice is to select the interval [5,9]$[5,9]$.
