# D1. DFS Checker (Easy Version)

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1900
**标签**: brute force, data structures, dfs and similar, graphs, hashing, trees

## 题目描述

This is the easy version of the problem. In this version, the given tree is a perfect binary tree and the constraints on n$t$$n$ and q$t$$q$ are lower. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.You are given a perfect binary tree†$t$$^\dagger$ consisting of n$t$$n$ vertices. The vertices are numbered from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$, and the root is the vertex 1$t$$1$. You are also given a permutation p1,p2,…,pn$t$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of [1,2,…,n]$t$$[1,2,\ldots,n]$.You need to answer q$t$$q$ queries. For each query, you are given two integers x$t$$x$, y$t$$y$; you need to swap px$t$$p_x$ and py$t$$p_y$ and determine if p1,p2,…,pn$t$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ is a valid DFS order‡$t$$^\ddagger$ of the given tree.Please note that the swaps are persistent through queries.†$t$$^\dagger$ A perfect binary tree is a tree with vertex 1$t$$1$ as its root, with size n=2k−1$t$$n=2^k-1$ for a positive integer k$t$$k$, and where the parent of each vertex i$t$$i$ (1<i≤n$t$$1<i\le n$) is ⌊i2⌋$t$$\left\lfloor\frac{i}{2}\right\rfloor$. Thus, all leaves of this tree are at a distance k−1$t$$k - 1$ from the root.‡$t$$^\ddagger$ A DFS order is found by calling the following dfs$t$$\texttt{dfs}$ function on the given tree.dfs_order = []function dfs(v): append v to the back of dfs_order pick an arbitrary permutation s of children of v for child in s: dfs(child)dfs(1)Note that the DFS order is not unique.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$q$$t$ (1≤t≤104$q$$1\le t\le10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers n$q$$n$, q$q$$q$ (3≤n≤65535$q$$3\le n\le 65\,535$, 2≤q≤5⋅104$q$$2\le q\le 5 \cdot 10^4$) — the number of vertices in the tree and the number of queries. It is guaranteed that n=2k−1$q$$n=2^k-1$ for a positive integer k$q$$k$.The next line contains n−1$q$$n-1$ integers a2,a3,…,an$q$$a_2,a_3,\ldots,a_n$ (1≤ai<i$q$$1\le a_i<i$) — the parent of each vertex in the given tree. It is guaranteed that ai=⌊i2⌋$q$$a_i=\left\lfloor\frac{i}{2}\right\rfloor$.The next line contains n$q$$n$ integers p1,p2,…,pn$q$$p_1,p_2,\ldots,p_n$ (1≤pi≤n$q$$1\le p_i\le n$, all pi$q$$p_i$ are distinct) — the initial permutation p$q$$p$.The next q$q$$q$ lines each contain two integers x$q$$x$, y$q$$y$ (1≤x,y≤n,x≠y$q$$1\le x,y\le n,x\neq y$) — the positions of the elements to swap in the permutation.It is guaranteed that the sum of all n$q$$n$ does not exceed 65535$q$$65\,535$, and the sum of all q$q$$q$ does not exceed 5⋅104$q$$5 \cdot 10^4$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print q$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$q$ lines corresponding to the q$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$q$ queries. For each query, output YES$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{YES}$ if there is a DFS order that exactly equals the current permutation, and output NO$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{NO}$ otherwise.You can output Yes$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{Yes}$ and No$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{No}$ in any case (for example, strings yEs$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{yEs}$, yes$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{yes}$, Yes$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{Yes}$ and YES$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$$\texttt{YES}$ will be recognized as a positive response).

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
23 31 11 2 32 33 21 37 41 1 2 2 3 31 2 3 4 5 6 73 52 53 74 6
```

**输出:**
```
YES
YES
NO
YES
NO
NO
YES
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the permutation p1,p2,…,pn$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ after each modification is [1,3,2],[1,2,3],[3,2,1]$[1,3,2],[1,2,3],[3,2,1]$, respectively. The first two permutations are valid DFS orders; the third is not a DFS order.In the second test case, the permutation p1,p2,…,pn$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ after each modification is [1,2,5,4,3,6,7],[1,3,5,4,2,6,7],[1,3,7,4,2,6,5],[1,3,7,6,2,4,5]$[1,2,5,4,3,6,7],[1,3,5,4,2,6,7],[1,3,7,4,2,6,5],[1,3,7,6,2,4,5]$, respectively.
