# D. QED's Favorite Permutation

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1700
**标签**: data structures, implementation, sortings

## 题目描述

QED is given a permutation∗$t$$^{\text{∗}}$ p$t$$p$ of length n$t$$n$. He also has a string s$t$$s$ of length n$t$$n$ containing only characters L$t$$\texttt{L}$ and R$t$$\texttt{R}$. QED only likes permutations that are sorted in non-decreasing order. To sort p$t$$p$, he can select any of the following operations and perform them any number of times: Choose an index i$t$$i$ such that si=L$t$$s_i = \texttt{L}$. Then, swap pi$t$$p_i$ and pi−1$t$$p_{i-1}$. It is guaranteed that s1≠L$t$$s_1 \neq \texttt{L}$. Choose an index i$t$$i$ such that si=R$t$$s_i = \texttt{R}$. Then, swap pi$t$$p_i$ and pi+1$t$$p_{i+1}$. It is guaranteed that sn≠R$t$$s_n \neq \texttt{R}$. He is also given q$t$$q$ queries. In each query, he selects an index i$t$$i$ and changes si$t$$s_i$ from L$t$$\texttt{L}$ to R$t$$\texttt{R}$ (or from R$t$$\texttt{R}$ to L$t$$\texttt{L}$). Note that the changes are persistent. After each query, he asks you if it is possible to sort p$t$$p$ in non-decreasing order by performing the aforementioned operations any number of times. Note that before answering each query, the permutation p$t$$p$ is reset to its original form.∗$t$$^{\text{∗}}$A permutation of length n$t$$n$ is an array consisting of n$t$$n$ distinct integers from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$ in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4]$t$$[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but [1,2,2]$t$$[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation (2$t$$2$ appears twice in the array), and [1,3,4]$t$$[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation (n=3$t$$n=3$ but there is 4$t$$4$ in the array).

## 输入格式

The first line contains t$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$t$ (1≤t≤104$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases.The first line of each test case contains two integers n$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$n$ and q$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$q$ (3≤n≤2⋅105$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$3 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$, 1≤q≤2⋅105$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$1 \leq q \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$) – the length of the permutation and the number of queries.The following line contains n$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$n$ integers p1,p2,…,pn$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ (1≤pi≤n$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$1 \leq p_i \leq n$, p$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$p$ is a permutation).The following line contains n$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$n$ characters s1s2…sn$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$s_1s_2 \ldots s_n$. It is guaranteed that si$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$s_i$ is either L$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$\texttt{L}$ or R$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$\texttt{R}$, s1=R$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$s_1 = \texttt{R}$, and sn=L$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$s_n = \texttt{L}$.The following q$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$q$ lines contain an integer i$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$i$ (2≤i≤n−1$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$2 \leq i \leq n-1$), denoting that si$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$s_i$ is changed from L$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$\texttt{L}$ to R$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$\texttt{R}$ (or from R$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$\texttt{R}$ to L$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$\texttt{L}$). It is guaranteed that the sum of n$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$n$ and q$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$q$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each query, output "YES" (without quotes) if it is possible, and "NO" (without quotes) otherwise.You can output "YES" and "NO" in any case (for example, strings "yES", "yes" and "Yes" will be recognized as a positive response).

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
35 31 4 2 5 3RLRLL2438 51 5 2 4 8 3 6 7RRLLRRRL435346 21 2 3 4 5 6RLRLRL45
```

**输出:**
```
YES
YES
NO
NO
YES
NO
NO
NO
YES
YES
```

## 说明

In the first testcase, s=RRRLLs=RRRLL$s = \texttt{RRRLL}$ after the first query. QED may sort pp$p$ using the following operations: Initially, p=[1,4,2,5,3]p=[1,4,2,5,3]$p = [1,4,2,5,3]$. Select i=2i=2$i = 2$ and swap p2p2$p_2$ with p3p3$p_{3}$. Now, p=[1,2,4,5,3]p=[1,2,4,5,3]$p = [1,2,4,5,3]$. Select i=5i=5$i = 5$ and swap p5p5$p_5$ with p4p4$p_{4}$. Now, p=[1,2,4,3,5]p=[1,2,4,3,5]$p = [1,2,4,3,5]$. Select i=4i=4$i = 4$ and swap p4p4$p_4$ with p3p3$p_{3}$. Now, p=[1,2,3,4,5]p=[1,2,3,4,5]$p = [1,2,3,4,5]$, which is in non-decreasing order. It can be shown that it is impossible to sort the array after all three updates of the first testcase.
