# B. Generate Permutation

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1.5 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: constructive algorithms

## 题目描述

There is an integer sequence a$t$$a$ of length n$t$$n$, where each element is initially −1$t$$-1$.Misuki has two typewriters where the first one writes letters from left to right, with a pointer initially pointing to 1$t$$1$, and another writes letters from right to left with a pointer initially pointing to n$t$$n$.Misuki would choose one of the typewriters and use it to perform the following operations until a$t$$a$ becomes a permutation of [1,2,…,n]$t$$[1, 2, \ldots, n]$ write number: write the minimum positive integer that isn't present in the array a$t$$a$ to the element ai$t$$a_i$, i$t$$i$ is the position where the pointer points at. Such operation can be performed only when ai=−1$t$$a_i = -1$. carriage return: return the pointer to its initial position (i.e. 1$t$$1$ for the first typewriter, n$t$$n$ for the second) move pointer: move the pointer to the next position, let i$t$$i$ be the position the pointer points at before this operation, if Misuki is using the first typewriter, i:=i+1$t$$i := i + 1$ would happen, and i:=i−1$t$$i := i - 1$ otherwise. Such operation can be performed only if after the operation, 1≤i≤n$t$$1 \le i \le n$ holds. Your task is to construct any permutation p$t$$p$ of length n$t$$n$, such that the minimum number of carriage return operations needed to make a=p$t$$a = p$ is the same no matter which typewriter Misuki is using.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line of input contains a single integer t$n$$t$ (1≤t≤500$n$$1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$n$$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$n$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the permutation.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$n$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$n$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a line of n$a = p = [1]$$n$ integers, representing the permutation p$a = p = [1]$$p$ of length n$a = p = [1]$$n$ such that the minimum number of carriage return operations needed to make a=p$a = p = [1]$$a = p$ is the same no matter which typewriter Misuki is using, or −1$a = p = [1]$$-1$ if it is impossible to do so.If there are multiple valid permutations, you can output any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
3
1
2
3
```

**输出:**
```
1
-1
3 1 2
```

## 说明

In the first testcase, it's possible to make a=p=[1]a=p=[1]$a = p = [1]$ using 00$0$ carriage return operations.In the second testcase, it is possible to make a=p=[1,2]a=p=[1,2]$a = p = [1, 2]$ with the minimal number of carriage returns as follows:If Misuki is using the first typewriter: Write number: write 11$1$ to a1a1$a_1$, aa$a$ becomes [1,−1][1,−1]$[1, -1]$ Move pointer: move the pointer to the next position. (i.e. 22$2$) Write number: write 22$2$ to a2a2$a_2$, aa$a$ becomes [1,2][1,2]$[1, 2]$ If Misuki is using the second typewriter: Move pointer: move the pointer to the next position. (i.e. 11$1$) Write number: write 11$1$ to a1a1$a_1$, aa$a$ becomes [1,−1][1,−1]$[1, -1]$ Carriage return: return the pointer to 22$2$. Write number: write 22$2$ to a2a2$a_2$, aa$a$ becomes [1,2][1,2]$[1, 2]$ It can be proven that the minimum number of carriage returns needed to transform aa$a$ into pp$p$ when using the first typewriter is 00$0$ and it is 11$1$ when using the second one, so this permutation is not valid.Similarly, p=[2,1]p=[2,1]$p = [2, 1]$ is also not valid, so there is no solution for n=2n=2$n = 2$.In the third testcase, it is possibile to make a=p=[3,1,2]a=p=[3,1,2]$a = p = [3, 1, 2]$ with 11$1$ carriage return with both the first and the second typewriter. It can be proven that, for both typewriters, it is impossible to write pp$p$ with 00$0$ carriage returns.With the first typewriter it is possible to: Move pointer: move the pointer to the next position. (i.e. 22$2$) Write number: write 11$1$ to a2a2$a_2$, aa$a$ becomes [−1,1,−1][−1,1,−1]$[-1, 1, -1]$ Move pointer: move the pointer to the next position. (i.e. 33$3$) Write number: write 22$2$ to a3a3$a_3$, aa$a$ becomes [−1,1,2][−1,1,2]$[-1, 1, 2]$ Carriage return: return the pointer to 11$1$. Write number: write 33$3$ to a1a1$a_1$, aa$a$ becomes [3,1,2][3,1,2]$[3,1,2]$ With the second typewriter it is possible to: Move pointer: move the pointer to the next position. (i.e. 22$2$) Write number: write 11$1$ to a2a2$a_2$, aa$a$ becomes [−1,1,−1][−1,1,−1]$[-1, 1, -1]$ Carriage return: return the pointer to 33$3$. Write number: write 22$2$ to a3a3$a_3$, aa$a$ becomes [−1,1,2][−1,1,2]$[-1, 1, 2]$ Move pointer: move the pointer to the next position. (i.e. 22$2$) Move pointer: move the pointer to the next position. (i.e. 11$1$) Write number: write 33$3$ to a1a1$a_1$, aa$a$ becomes [3,1,2][3,1,2]$[3, 1, 2]$
