# B. Seating in a Bus

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: two pointers

## 题目描述

In Berland, a bus consists of a row of n$t$$n$ seats numbered from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$. Passengers are advised to always board the bus following these rules: If there are no occupied seats in the bus, a passenger can sit in any free seat; Otherwise, a passenger should sit in any free seat that has at least one occupied neighboring seat. In other words, a passenger can sit in a seat with index i$t$$i$ (1≤i≤n$t$$1 \le i \le n$) only if at least one of the seats with indices i−1$t$$i-1$ or i+1$t$$i+1$ is occupied. Today, n$t$$n$ passengers boarded the bus. The array a$t$$a$ chronologically records the seat numbers they occupied. That is, a1$t$$a_1$ contains the seat number where the first passenger sat, a2$t$$a_2$ — the seat number where the second passenger sat, and so on.You know the contents of the array a$t$$a$. Determine whether all passengers followed the recommendations.For example, if n=5$t$$n = 5$, and a$t$$a$ = [5,4,2,1,3$t$$5, 4, 2, 1, 3$], then the recommendations were not followed, as the 3$t$$3$-rd passenger sat in seat number 2$t$$2$, while the neighboring seats with numbers 1$t$$1$ and 3$t$$3$ were free.

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains a single integer t$t$ (1≤t≤104$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases.The following describes the input test cases.The first line of each test case contains exactly one integer n$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of seats in the bus and the number of passengers who boarded the bus.The second line of each test case contains n$n$ distinct integers ai$a_i$ (1≤ai≤n$1 \le a_i \le n$) — the seats that the passengers occupied in chronological order.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$n$ values across all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$2 \cdot 10^5$, and that no passenger sits in an already occupied seat.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output on a separate line: "YES", if all passengers followed the recommendations; "NO" otherwise. You may output the answer in any case (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as a positive answer).

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
455 4 2 1 332 3 142 3 1 451 2 3 5 4
```

**输出:**
```
NO
YES
YES
NO
```

## 说明

The first test case is explained in the problem statement.
