# B. Maximize Mex

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1200
**标签**: brute force, greedy, math, number theory

## 题目描述

You are given an array a$t$$a$ of n$t$$n$ positive integers and an integer x$t$$x$. You can do the following two-step operation any (possibly zero) number of times: Choose an index i$t$$i$ (1≤i≤n$t$$1 \leq i \leq n$). Increase ai$t$$a_i$ by x$t$$x$, in other words ai:=ai+x$t$$a_i := a_i + x$. Find the maximum value of the MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of a$t$$a$ if you perform the operations optimally.The MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ (minimum excluded value) of an array is the smallest non-negative integer that is not in the array. For example: The MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of [2,2,1]$t$$[2,2,1]$ is 0$t$$0$ because 0$t$$0$ is not in the array. The MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of [3,1,0,1]$t$$[3,1,0,1]$ is 2$t$$2$ because 0$t$$0$ and 1$t$$1$ are in the array but 2$t$$2$ is not. The MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of [0,3,1,2]$t$$[0,3,1,2]$ is 4$t$$4$ because 0$t$$0$, 1$t$$1$, 2$t$$2$ and 3$t$$3$ are in the array but 4$t$$4$ is not.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$\operatorname{MEX}$$t$ (1≤t≤5000$\operatorname{MEX}$$1 \le t \le 5000$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two integers n$\operatorname{MEX}$$n$ and x$\operatorname{MEX}$$x$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$\operatorname{MEX}$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$; 1≤x≤109$\operatorname{MEX}$$1 \le x \le 10^9$) — the length of the array and the integer to be used in the operation.The second line of each test case contains n$\operatorname{MEX}$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$\operatorname{MEX}$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (0≤ai≤109$\operatorname{MEX}$$0 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the given array.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$\operatorname{MEX}$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$\operatorname{MEX}$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer: the maximum MEX$\operatorname{MEX}$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of a$\operatorname{MEX}$$a$ if you perform the operations optimally.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
36 30 3 2 1 5 26 21 3 4 1 0 24 52 5 10 3
```

**输出:**
```
4
6
0
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the MEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of a$a$ is 4$4$ without performing any operations, which is the maximum.In the second test case, the MEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of a$a$ is 5$5$ without performing any operations. If we perform two operations both with i=1$i=1$, we will have the array a=[5,3,4,1,0,2]$a=[5,3,4,1,0,2]$. Then, the MEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of a$a$ will become 6$6$, which is the maximum.In the third test case, the MEX$\operatorname{MEX}$ of a$a$ is 0$0$ without performing any operations, which is the maximum.
