# C. Turtle and Good Pairs

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1200
**标签**: constructive algorithms, greedy, sortings, strings

## 题目描述

Turtle gives you a string s$t$$s$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters.Turtle considers a pair of integers (i,j)$t$$(i, j)$ (1≤i<j≤n$t$$1 \le i < j \le n$) to be a pleasant pair if and only if there exists an integer k$t$$k$ such that i≤k<j$t$$i \le k < j$ and both of the following two conditions hold: sk≠sk+1$t$$s_k \ne s_{k + 1}$; sk≠si$t$$s_k \ne s_i$ or sk+1≠sj$t$$s_{k + 1} \ne s_j$. Besides, Turtle considers a pair of integers (i,j)$t$$(i, j)$ (1≤i<j≤n$t$$1 \le i < j \le n$) to be a good pair if and only if si=sj$t$$s_i = s_j$ or (i,j)$t$$(i, j)$ is a pleasant pair.Turtle wants to reorder the string s$t$$s$ so that the number of good pairs is maximized. Please help him!

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$s$$t$ (1≤t≤104$s$$1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$s$$n$ (2≤n≤2⋅105$s$$2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the string.The second line of each test case contains a string s$s$$s$ of length n$s$$n$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$s$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$s$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the string s$(1, 3)$$s$ after reordering so that the number of good pairs is maximized. If there are multiple answers, print any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
53abc5edddf6turtle8pppppppp10codeforces
```

**输出:**
```
acb
ddedf
urtlet
pppppppp
codeforces
```

## 说明

In the first test case, (1,3)$(1, 3)$ is a good pair in the reordered string. It can be seen that we can't reorder the string so that the number of good pairs is greater than 1$1$. bac and cab can also be the answer.In the second test case, (1,2)$(1, 2)$, (1,4)$(1, 4)$, (1,5)$(1, 5)$, (2,4)$(2, 4)$, (2,5)$(2, 5)$, (3,5)$(3, 5)$ are good pairs in the reordered string. efddd can also be the answer.
