# A. Closest Point

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: implementation, math

## 题目描述

Consider a set of points on a line. The distance between two points i$t$$i$ and j$t$$j$ is |i−j|$t$$|i - j|$.The point i$t$$i$ from the set is the closest to the point j$t$$j$ from the set, if there is no other point k$t$$k$ in the set such that the distance from j$t$$j$ to k$t$$k$ is strictly less than the distance from j$t$$j$ to i$t$$i$. In other words, all other points from the set have distance to j$t$$j$ greater or equal to |i−j|$t$$|i - j|$.For example, consider a set of points {1,3,5,8}$t$$\{1, 3, 5, 8\}$: for the point 1$t$$1$, the closest point is 3$t$$3$ (other points have distance greater than |1−3|=2$t$$|1-3| = 2$); for the point 3$t$$3$, there are two closest points: 1$t$$1$ and 5$t$$5$; for the point 5$t$$5$, the closest point is 3$t$$3$ (but not 8$t$$8$, since its distance is greater than |3−5|$t$$|3-5|$); for the point 8$t$$8$, the closest point is 5$t$$5$. You are given a set of points. You have to add an integer point into this set in such a way that it is different from every existing point in the set, and it becomes the closest point to every point in the set. Is it possible?

## 输入格式

The first line contains one integer t$7$$t$ (1≤t≤1000$7$$1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases.Each test case consists of two lines: the first line contains one integer n$7$$n$ (2≤n≤40$7$$2 \le n \le 40$) — the number of points in the set; the second line contains n$7$$n$ integers x1,x2,…,xn$7$$x_1, x_2, \dots, x_n$ (1≤x1<x2<⋯<xn≤100$7$$1 \le x_1 < x_2 < \dots < x_n \le 100$) — the points from the set.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print YES if it is possible to add a new point according to the conditions from the statement. Otherwise, print NO.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
323 825 661 2 3 4 5 10
```

**输出:**
```
YES
NO
NO
```

## 说明

In the first example, the point 7$7$ will be the closest to both 3$3$ and 8$8$.In the second example, it is impossible to add an integer point so that it becomes the closest to both 5$5$ and 6$6$, and is different from both of them.
