# B. Kar Salesman

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1300
**标签**: binary search, greedy, math

## 题目描述

Karel is a salesman in a car dealership. The dealership has n$t$$n$ different models of cars. There are ai$t$$a_i$ cars of the i$t$$i$-th model. Karel is an excellent salesperson and can convince customers to buy up to x$t$$x$ cars (of Karel's choice), as long as the cars are from different models.Determine the minimum number of customers Karel has to bring in to sell all the cars.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$3$$t$ (1≤t≤104$3$$1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two integers n$3$$n$ and x$3$$x$ (1≤n≤5⋅105$3$$1 \le n \le 5 \cdot 10^5$; 1≤x≤10$3$$1 \le x \le 10$) — the number of different models of cars and the maximum number of cars Karel can convince a customer to buy.The second line contains n$3$$n$ integers a1,a2,…,an$3$$a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ (1≤ai≤109$3$$1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the number of cars of each model.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$3$$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 5⋅105$3$$5 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the minimum possible number of customers needed to sell all the cars.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
43 23 1 23 32 1 35 32 2 1 9 27 42 5 3 3 5 2 5
```

**输出:**
```
3
3
9
7
```

## 说明

For the first case, Karel only needs to lure in 3$3$ customers. He will convince the customers to buy the following models of cars: Customer 1$1$ buys 2$2$ cars with model 1$1$ and 3$3$. Customer 2$2$ buys 2$2$ cars with model 1$1$ and 2$2$. Customer 3$3$ buys 2$2$ cars with model 1$1$ and 3$3$. For the second case, Karel only needs to lure in 3$3$ customers. He will convince the customers to buy the following models of cars: Customer 1$1$ buys 2$2$ cars with model 1$1$ and 3$3$. Customer 2$2$ buys 3$3$ cars with model 1$1$, 2$2$ and 3$3$. Customer 3$3$ buys 1$1$ car with model 3$3$.
