# B. Brightness Begins

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1200
**标签**: binary search, math

## 题目描述

Imagine you have n$t$$n$ light bulbs numbered 1,2,…,n$t$$1, 2, \ldots, n$. Initially, all bulbs are on. To flip the state of a bulb means to turn it off if it used to be on, and to turn it on otherwise.Next, you do the following: for each i=1,2,…,n$t$$i = 1, 2, \ldots, n$, flip the state of all bulbs j$t$$j$ such that j$t$$j$ is divisible by i†$t$$i^\dagger$. After performing all operations, there will be several bulbs that are still on. Your goal is to make this number exactly k$t$$k$.Find the smallest suitable n$t$$n$ such that after performing the operations there will be exactly k$t$$k$ bulbs on. We can show that an answer always exists.†$t$$^\dagger$ An integer x$t$$x$ is divisible by y$t$$y$ if there exists an integer z$t$$z$ such that x=y⋅z$t$$x = y\cdot z$.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$n$$t$ (1≤t≤104$n$$1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows.The only line of each test case contains a single integer k$n$$k$ (1≤k≤1018$n$$1 \le k \le 10^{18}$).

## 输出格式

For each test case, output n$2$$n$ — the minimum number of bulbs.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
3138
```

**输出:**
```
2
5
11
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the minimum number of bulbs is 2$2$. Let's denote the state of all bulbs with an array, where 1$1$ corresponds to a turned on bulb, and 0$0$ corresponds to a turned off bulb. Initially, the array is [1,1]$[1, 1]$. After performing the operation with i=1$i = 1$, the array becomes [0_,0_]$[\underline{0}, \underline{0}]$. After performing the operation with i=2$i = 2$, the array becomes [0,1_]$[0, \underline{1}]$. In the end, there are k=1$k = 1$ bulbs on. We can also show that the answer cannot be less than 2$2$.In the second test case, the minimum number of bulbs is 5$5$. Initially, the array is [1,1,1,1,1]$[1, 1, 1, 1, 1]$. After performing the operation with i=1$i = 1$, the array becomes [0_,0_,0_,0_,0_]$[\underline{0}, \underline{0}, \underline{0}, \underline{0}, \underline{0}]$. After performing the operation with i=2$i = 2$, the array becomes [0,1_,0,1_,0]$[0, \underline{1}, 0, \underline{1}, 0]$. After performing the operation with i=3$i = 3$, the array becomes [0,1,1_,1,0]$[0, 1, \underline{1}, 1, 0]$. After performing the operation with i=4$i = 4$, the array becomes [0,1,1,0_,0]$[0, 1, 1, \underline{0}, 0]$. After performing the operation with i=5$i = 5$, the array becomes [0,1,1,0,1_]$[0, 1, 1, 0, \underline{1}]$. In the end, there are k=3$k = 3$ bulbs on. We can also show that the answer cannot be smaller than 5$5$.
