# A. Penchick and Modern Monument

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: constructive algorithms, dp, greedy, math

## 题目描述

Amidst skyscrapers in the bustling metropolis of Metro Manila, the newest Noiph mall in the Philippines has just been completed! The construction manager, Penchick, ordered a state-of-the-art monument to be built with n$t$$n$ pillars. The heights of the monument's pillars can be represented as an array h$t$$h$ of n$t$$n$ positive integers, where hi$t$$h_i$ represents the height of the i$t$$i$-th pillar for all i$t$$i$ between 1$t$$1$ and n$t$$n$.Penchick wants the heights of the pillars to be in non-decreasing order, i.e. hi≤hi+1$t$$h_i \le h_{i + 1}$ for all i$t$$i$ between 1$t$$1$ and n−1$t$$n - 1$. However, due to confusion, the monument was built such that the heights of the pillars are in non-increasing order instead, i.e. hi≥hi+1$t$$h_i \ge h_{i + 1}$ for all i$t$$i$ between 1$t$$1$ and n−1$t$$n - 1$.Luckily, Penchick can modify the monument and do the following operation on the pillars as many times as necessary: Modify the height of a pillar to any positive integer. Formally, choose an index 1≤i≤n$t$$1\le i\le n$ and a positive integer x$t$$x$. Then, assign hi:=x$t$$h_i := x$. Help Penchick determine the minimum number of operations needed to make the heights of the monument's pillars non-decreasing.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$t$ (1≤t≤1000$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$1 \le t \le 1000$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains a single integer n$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$n$ (1≤n≤50$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$1 \leq n \leq 50$) — the number of pillars.The second line of each test case contains n$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$n$ integers h1,h2,…,hn$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$h_1, h_2, \ldots, h_n$ (1≤hi≤n$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$1 \le h_i \le n$ and hi≥hi+1$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$h_i\ge h_{i+1}$) — the height of the pillars.Please take note that the given array h$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$h$ is non-increasing.Note that there are no constraints on the sum of n$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$$n$ over all test cases.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer representing the minimum number of operations needed to make the heights of the pillars non-decreasing.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
355 4 3 2 132 2 111
```

**输出:**
```
4
1
0
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the initial heights of pillars are h=[5,4,3,2,1]$h = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]$. In the first operation, Penchick changes the height of pillar 1$1$ to h1:=2$h_1 := 2$. In the second operation, he changes the height of pillar 2$2$ to h2:=2$h_2 := 2$. In the third operation, he changes the height of pillar 4$4$ to h4:=4$h_4 := 4$. In the fourth operation, he changes the height of pillar 5$5$ to h5:=4$h_5 := 4$. After the operation, the heights of the pillars are h=[2,2,3,4,4]$h = [2, 2, 3, 4, 4]$, which is non-decreasing. It can be proven that it is not possible for Penchick to make the heights of the pillars non-decreasing in fewer than 4$4$ operations. In the second test case, Penchick can make the heights of the pillars non-decreasing by modifying the height of pillar 3$3$ to h3:=2$h_3 := 2$. In the third test case, the heights of pillars are already non-decreasing, so no operations are required.
