# C. Penchick and BBQ Buns

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1300
**标签**: constructive algorithms, math, number theory

## 题目描述

Penchick loves two things: square numbers and Hong Kong-style BBQ buns! For his birthday, Kohane wants to combine them with a gift: n$n$ BBQ buns arranged from left to right. There are 106$10^6$ available fillings of BBQ buns, numbered from 1$1$ to 106$10^6$. To ensure that Penchick would love this gift, Kohane has a few goals: No filling is used exactly once; that is, each filling must either not appear at all or appear at least twice. For any two buns i$i$ and j$j$ that have the same filling, the distance between them, which is |i−j|$|i-j|$, must be a perfect square∗$^{\text{∗}}$. Help Kohane find a valid way to choose the filling of the buns, or determine if it is impossible to satisfy her goals! If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.∗$^{\text{∗}}$A positive integer x$x$ is a perfect square if there exists a positive integer y$y$ such that x=y2$x = y^2$. For example, 49$49$ and 1$1$ are perfect squares because 49=72$49 = 7^2$ and 1=12$1 = 1^2$ respectively. On the other hand, 5$5$ is not a perfect square as no integer squared equals 5$5$

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$t$ (1≤t≤2⋅105$1 \le t \le 2\cdot 10^5$). The description of the test cases follows.The only line of each test case contains a single integer n$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$1\le n\le 2\cdot 10^5$) — the number of BBQ buns.It is guaranteed that the sum of n$n$ over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅105$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, if no valid choice of fillings exists, output −1$-1$. Otherwise, output n$n$ integers, where the i$i$-th integer represents the filling of the i$i$-th BBQ bun. If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
2312
```

**输出:**
```
-1
1 2 3 6 10 2 7 6 10 1 7 3
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the choice of fillings "1 1 1" is not allowed because buns 1$1$ and 3$3$ have the same filling, but are distance 2$2$ apart, which is not a perfect square. The choice of fillings "1 1 2" is also not allowed as filling 2$2$ is only used once.In the second test case, the solution is valid because no filling is used exactly once, and any two buns with the same filling are spaced at a distance equal to a perfect square. For example, buns 1$1$ and 10$10$ both have filling 1$1$ and are spaced at a distance of 9=32$9=3^2$. Similarly, buns 5$5$ and 9$9$ both have filling 10$10$ and are spaced at a distance of 4=22$4=2^2$.
