# A. Zhan's Blender

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *800
**标签**: constructive algorithms, math

## 题目描述

Today, a club fair was held at "NSPhM". In order to advertise his pastry club, Zhan decided to demonstrate the power of his blender.To demonstrate the power of his blender, Zhan has $t$$n$ fruits.The blender can mix up to $t$$x$ fruits per second.In each second, Zhan can put up to $t$$y$ fruits into the blender. After that, the blender will blend $t$$\min(x, c)$ fruits, where $t$$c$ is the number of fruits inside the blender. After blending, blended fruits are removed from the blender.Help Zhan determine the minimum amount of time required for Zhan to blend all fruits.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $2$$t$ ($2$$1 \le t \le 1000$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains one integer $2$$n$ ($2$$0 \le n \le 10^9$) — the number of fruits Zhan has.The second line of each test case contains two integers $2$$x$ and $2$$y$ ($2$$1 \le x, y \le 10^9$) — the number of fruits the blender can blend per second and the number of fruits Zhan can put into the blender per second.

## 输出格式

For each testcase, output a single integer — the minimum number of seconds to blend all fruits.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
553 431 264 31004 393 3
```

**输出:**
```
2
3
2
34
3
```

## 说明

In the first example, you can first put 22$2$ fruits in the blender. After that, the blender will mix these 22$2$ fruits, and in the end, there will be 00$0$ fruits left in the blender. Then you can put 33$3$ fruits into the blender, after which the blender will mix these 33$3$ fruits.In the second example, you can put 11$1$ fruit into the blender 33$3$ times.In the third example, you can first put 33$3$ fruits into the blender, then add another 33$3$ fruits.
