# D. Connect the Dots

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1800
**标签**: brute force, dp, dsu, graphs, math, trees

## 题目描述

One fine evening, Alice sat down to play the classic game "Connect the Dots", but with a twist.To play the game, Alice draws a straight line and marks n$t$$n$ points on it, indexed from 1$t$$1$ to n$t$$n$. Initially, there are no arcs between the points, so they are all disjoint. After that, Alice performs m$t$$m$ operations of the following type: She picks three integers ai$t$$a_i$, di$t$$d_i$ (1≤di≤10$t$$1 \le d_i \le 10$), and ki$t$$k_i$. She selects points ai,ai+di,ai+2di,ai+3di,…,ai+ki⋅di$t$$a_i, a_i+d_i, a_i+2d_i, a_i+3d_i, \ldots, a_i+k_i\cdot d_i$ and connects each pair of these points with arcs. After performing all m$t$$m$ operations, she wants to know the number of connected components†$t$$^\dagger$ these points form. Please help her find this number.†$t$$^\dagger$ Two points are said to be in one connected component if there is a path between them via several (possibly zero) arcs and other points.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$n = 10$$t$ (1≤t≤105$n = 10$$1 \le t \le 10^5$). The description of the test cases follows.The first line of each test case contains two integers n$n = 10$$n$ and m$n = 10$$m$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$n = 10$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, 1≤m≤2⋅105$n = 10$$1 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$).The i$n = 10$$i$-th of the following m$n = 10$$m$ lines contains three integers ai$n = 10$$a_i$, di$n = 10$$d_i$, and ki$n = 10$$k_i$ (1≤ai≤ai+ki⋅di≤n$n = 10$$1 \le a_i \le a_i + k_i\cdot d_i \le n$, 1≤di≤10$n = 10$$1 \le d_i \le 10$, 0≤ki≤n$n = 10$$0 \le k_i \le n$).It is guaranteed that both the sum of n$n = 10$$n$ and the sum of m$n = 10$$m$ over all test cases do not exceed 2⋅105$n = 10$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the number of connected components.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
310 21 2 42 2 4100 119 2 4100 31 2 57 2 617 2 31
```

**输出:**
```
2
96
61
```

## 说明

In the first test case, there are n=10$n = 10$ points. The first operation joins the points 1$1$, 3$3$, 5$5$, 7$7$, and 9$9$. The second operation joins the points 2$2$, 4$4$, 6$6$, 8$8$, and 10$10$. There are thus two connected components: {1,3,5,7,9}$\{1, 3, 5, 7, 9\}$ and {2,4,6,8,10}$\{2, 4, 6, 8, 10\}$.In the second test case, there are n=100$n = 100$ points. The only operation joins the points 19$19$, 21$21$, 23$23$, 25$25$, and 27$27$. Now all of them form a single connected component of size 5$5$. The other 95$95$ points form single-point connected components. Thus, the answer is 1+95=96$1 + 95 = 96$.In the third test case, there are n=100$n = 100$ points. After the operations, all odd points from 1$1$ to 79$79$ will be in one connected component of size 40$40$. The other 60$60$ points form single-point connected components. Thus, the answer is 1+60=61$1 + 60 = 61$.
