# B. Alice's Adventures in Permuting

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 1 second
**内存限制**: 256 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1400
**标签**: binary search, implementation, math

## 题目描述

Alice mixed up the words transmutation and permutation! She has an array a$t$$a$ specified via three integers n$t$$n$, b$t$$b$, c$t$$c$: the array a$t$$a$ has length n$t$$n$ and is given via ai=b⋅(i−1)+c$t$$a_i = b\cdot (i - 1) + c$ for 1≤i≤n$t$$1\le i\le n$. For example, if n=3$t$$n=3$, b=2$t$$b=2$, and c=1$t$$c=1$, then a=[2⋅0+1,2⋅1+1,2⋅2+1]=[1,3,5]$t$$a=[2 \cdot 0 + 1, 2 \cdot 1 + 1, 2 \cdot 2 + 1] = [1, 3, 5]$.Now, Alice really enjoys permutations of [0,…,n−1]$t$$[0, \ldots, n-1]$∗$t$$^{\text{∗}}$ and would like to transform a$t$$a$ into a permutation. In one operation, Alice replaces the maximum element of a$t$$a$ with the MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$†$t$$^{\text{†}}$ of a$t$$a$. If there are multiple maximum elements in a$t$$a$, Alice chooses the leftmost one to replace.Can you help Alice figure out how many operations she has to do for a$t$$a$ to become a permutation for the first time? If it is impossible, you should report it.∗$t$$^{\text{∗}}$A permutation of length n$t$$n$ is an array consisting of n$t$$n$ distinct integers from 0$t$$0$ to n−1$t$$n-1$ in arbitrary order. Please note, this is slightly different from the usual definition of a permutation. For example, [1,2,0,4,3]$t$$[1,2,0,4,3]$ is a permutation, but [0,1,1]$t$$[0,1,1]$ is not a permutation (1$t$$1$ appears twice in the array), and [0,2,3]$t$$[0,2,3]$ is also not a permutation (n=3$t$$n=3$ but there is 3$t$$3$ in the array).†$t$$^{\text{†}}$The MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of an array is the smallest non-negative integer that does not belong to the array. For example, the MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of [0,3,1,3]$t$$[0, 3, 1, 3]$ is 2$t$$2$ and the MEX$t$$\operatorname{MEX}$ of [5]$t$$[5]$ is 0$t$$0$.

## 输入格式

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t$-1$$t$ (1≤t≤105$-1$$1 \le t \le 10^5$). The description of the test cases follows.The only line of each test case contains three integers n$-1$$n$, b$-1$$b$, c$-1$$c$ (1≤n≤1018$-1$$1\le n\le 10^{18}$; 0≤b$-1$$0\le b$, c≤1018$-1$$c\le 10^{18}$) — the parameters of the array.

## 输出格式

For each test case, if the array can never become a permutation, output −1$[0, 1, \ldots, 9]$$-1$. Otherwise, output the minimum number of operations for the array to become a permutation.

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
710 1 01 2 3100 2 13 0 13 0 01000000000000000000 0 01000000000000000000 1000000000000000000 1000000000000000000
```

**输出:**
```
0
1
50
2
-1
-1
1000000000000000000
```

## 说明

In the first test case, the array is already [0,1,…,9]$[0, 1, \ldots, 9]$, so no operations are required.In the third test case, the starting array is [1,3,5,…,199]$[1, 3, 5, \ldots, 199]$. After the first operation, the 199$199$ gets transformed into a 0$0$. In the second operation, the 197$197$ gets transformed into a 2$2$. If we continue this, it will take exactly 50$50$ operations to get the array [0,1,2,3,…,99]$[0, 1, 2, 3, \ldots, 99]$.In the fourth test case, two operations are needed: [1,1,1]→[0,1,1]→[0,2,1]$[1,1,1] \to [0,1,1] \to [0,2,1]$.In the fifth test case, the process is [0,0,0]→[1,0,0]→[2,0,0]→[1,0,0]→[2,0,0]$[0,0,0] \to [1,0,0] \to [2,0,0] \to [1,0,0] \to [2,0,0]$. This process repeats forever, so the array is never a permutation and the answer is −1$-1$.
