# D. Recommendations

## 题目信息

**时间限制**: 2 seconds
**内存限制**: 512 megabytes
**输入**: standard
**输出**: standard
**难度**: *1900
**标签**: data structures, implementation, sortings, two pointers

## 题目描述

Suppose you are working in some audio streaming service. The service has n$t$$n$ active users and 109$t$$10^9$ tracks users can listen to. Users can like tracks and, based on likes, the service should recommend them new tracks.Tracks are numbered from 1$t$$1$ to 109$t$$10^9$. It turned out that tracks the i$t$$i$-th user likes form a segment [li,ri]$t$$[l_i, r_i]$.Let's say that the user j$t$$j$ is a predictor for user i$t$$i$ (j≠i$t$$j \neq i$) if user j$t$$j$ likes all tracks the i$t$$i$-th user likes (and, possibly, some other tracks too).Also, let's say that a track is strongly recommended for user i$t$$i$ if the track is not liked by the i$t$$i$-th user yet, but it is liked by every predictor for the i$t$$i$-th user.Calculate the number of strongly recommended tracks for each user i$t$$i$. If a user doesn't have any predictors, then print 0$t$$0$ for that user.

## 输入格式

The first line contains one integer t$n$$t$ (1≤t≤104$n$$1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. Next, t$n$$t$ cases follow.The first line of each test case contains one integer n$n$$n$ (1≤n≤2⋅105$n$$1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of users.The next n$n$$n$ lines contain two integers li$n$$l_i$ and ri$n$$r_i$ per line (1≤li≤ri≤109$n$$1 \le l_i \le r_i \le 10^9$) — the segment of tracks the i$n$$i$-th user likes.Additional constraint on the input: the sum of n$n$$n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed 2⋅105$n$$2 \cdot 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, print n$1$$n$ integers, where the i$1$$i$-th integer is the number of strongly recommended tracks for the i$1$$i$-th user (or 0$1$$0$, if that user doesn't have any predictors).

## 样例

### 样例 1

**输入:**
```
433 82 54 5242 421 1000000000342 421 100000000042 4261 103 103 75 74 41 2
```

**输出:**
```
0
0
1
999999999
0
0
0
0
0
2
3
2
4
8
```

## 说明

In the first test case: the first user has no predictors; the second user has no predictors; the third user has two predictors: users 1$1$ and 2$2$; only track 3$3$ is liked by both of them and not liked by the third user. In the second test case, the second user is a predictor for the first user. Therefore, all tracks, except 42$42$, are strongly recommended for the first user.In the third test case, the first user has two predictors: users 2$2$ and 3$3$, but there is no track that is liked by them and not liked by the first user himself.
